b"VIEWED from the cosmopolitan cities of the north, like London and Paris, the southeastern corner of Sicily is a remote part of Europe. But in a Mediterranean context, it lies at the very heart of things. It stands sentinel between Iberia and the M...R W Apple Jr, in third of five culinary reports from Italy, describes pastry and sweets scene in Sicily; photos (L)In 1999 it became fashionable to predict the end of the PC era.    At the vast Comdex personal computer trade show in Las Vegas in November, the buzz seemed to be about everything but the personal computer.  It has begun to seem that personal computer may be on verge of being supplanted by more powerful technologies promising quick and easy access to the Internet through devices that are highly portable, less costly and readily adopted by non-PC users; PC sales, however, are not shrinking; growth has been in double-digit figures for six years and is expected to strengthen this year to 20.6 percent; photo (M)1920: RADIO MAKES DEBUT  The radio industry was born in Pittsburgh when station KDKA became the first on the air, sending out Harding-Cox election bulletins. Before the 20's were over, CBS and NBC were formed, and the Radio Corporation of America,...Chronology of highlights of 20th century in entertainment, computer and communications industries; photos (M)1920: RADIO MAKES DEBUT  The radio industry was born in Pittsburgh when station KDKA became the first on the air, sending out Harding-Cox election bulletins. Before the 20's were over, CBS and NBC were formed, and the Radio Corporation of America,...Chronology of highlights of 20th century in entertainment, computer and communications industries; photos (M)In 1999 it became fashionable to predict the end of the PC era.    At the vast Comdex personal computer trade show in Las Vegas in November, the buzz seemed to be about everything but the personal computer.  It has begun to seem that personal computer may be on verge of being supplanted by more powerful technologies promising quick and easy access to the Internet through devices that are highly portable, less costly and readily adopted by non-PC users; PC sales, however, are not shrinking; growth has been in double-digit figures for six years and is expected to strengthen this year to 20.6 percent; photo (M)FOR many personal computer users, Y2K preparedness has meant getting a date or finding a baby sitter and having sufficient Champagne and MP3 party tunes on hand for New Year's Eve. The digital event of the century is less than 10 days away, and pe...Peter H Lewis (State of the Art) column on last-minute tips for personal computer users concerned about Y2K preparedness: says most home computers and software applications made in last few years were designed with Y2K transition in mind, so if a person is relatively new to computing this may be in their favor; also says Y2K problem primarily affects programs that rely on time-based calculations, which makes it of interest mainly for persons involved in personal financial programs and other accounting-type applications; discusses few basic checks that must be made to minimize risk of Y2K-related problems (M)Charles Zhang is a young man in a hurry.    Mr. Zhang, the 35-year-old founder of one of China's hottest Internet companies, Sohu.com, swept into his office here the other day amid a flurry of ringing mobile phones and scampering aides. He was lat...China's Internet industry, which has tantalized outsiders ever since Communist leaders gave blessings to digital revolution, has mutated into kind of obsession; number of on-line users tripled in 1999, to nearly seven million, and foreign technology companies, venture capitalists and investment banks are angling for pieces of it; even though online companies have so far made little money, foreign investors are betting that China will soon have one of world's biggest Internet markets, perhaps second only to US and are rushing to finance handful of home-grown companies they believe will be future eBays and Yahoos; photos; graphs (M)INEVITABLY, whenever Sydney Stanton's children and grandchildren come to visit the same thing happens. ''After they leave, my computer is not the same,'' she said. ''They change everything around. This last time I couldn't find my address book.'' ...Rick Harder and Jim Mulcahy of Computer Tutor-PCI in Bronxville, NY, will travel to clients' homes in Manhattan and Fairfield County, Conn, to fix computer problems; photos (M)STUNNING Bistro Twenty-Two may have a new owner, but this cozy restaurant has not missed a beat delivering fine service and food. Responsible for the seamless shift is Vasco Cabral, the new owner and still the maitre d'hotel, as he has been almost...ownership, but n"