b"ON the Manhattan dining scene, excitement and sex appeal lead the list of desirable qualities. Charm and romance lag well behind. Quince reverses the hierarchy.    Quince, which opened in late October, will stir a memory or two among diners. It's ...William Grimes reviews Quince, restaurant on West 54th Street; photo (M)IT was Henry Luce, as every red-blooded Yankee knows, who christened the 20th the American Century. He proved to be right, but that was not necessarily obvious throughout the 100 years.    At the start, the United States largely absented itself fr...R W Apple Jr article on the prospects for America retaining its global power into the new century; maps (M)So where do you suppose Rome's hottest restaurant is? In an ancient palazzo? On some picturesque piazza? Along the Tiber? Nah. It's in the Cavalieri Hilton Hotel -- yes, ma'am, the Hilton -- on a mountaintop in the residential suburbs.    And who ...R W Apple Jr, in fourth of five culinary reports from Italy, describes dining scene in Rome; photos (L)IF you have not yet checked your computer for problems related to Y2K, there really is no need to panic. Most personal computers made in the last few years will make the transition from 99 to 00 without problems.   Last-minute checklist to test computers for problems related to Y2K (S)When he stands on 42nd Street in Manhattan, Udi Aloni can see his ideas towering over the milling crowds. And with his photo-crisp advertisements for Apple Computer, the Gap, Old Navy and DKNY looming 40 feet high on the faces of skyscrapers, ther...Israeli artist Udi Aloni creates wallscapes that display commercial advertisements on New York City buildings; wallscapes, unlike painted billboards, are printed via disk onto vinyl mesh material and hung flat like posters against sides of buildings; Aloni photo (M)Ballet Tech offered an abundance of perky hopping on Monday night at the Joyce Theater. The dancers also did some jolly skipping and jumping.    The evening of three ballets by Eliot Feld began with a repeat performance of the prankish ''Simon Sez...Jackson Anderson reviews performance by students of Ballet Tech School at Joyce Theater; photo (M)Following recent police investigations that were hampered by the failure of video cameras in A.T.M.'s to help identify robbers, city officials are demanding that the state give local agencies the authority to inspect such devices.    From 1992 to ...New York City officials are demanding that state give local agencies the authority to inspect video cameras at ATM's; recent police investigations have been hampered by failure of video cameras to help identify robbers; photo (M)WHEN her producers offered the two-time Tony winner Frances Sternhagen an apartment in Manhattan during her current run as the star of the Off Broadway hit ''The Exact Center of the Universe'' at the Century Theater, she turned it down.    She wan...Frances Sternhagen discusses her long acting career and current role in Off Broadway hit The Exact Center of the Universe, interview at home in New Rochelle; photos (M)Leslie Tonkonow  601 West 26th Street, Chelsea  Through Jan. 29      Europeans have long been fascinated by American Indians, none more so than a large group of German devotees who regard them with a kind of cult worship. Their interest has been f...Grace Glueck reviews art show by Andrea Robbins and Max Becher at Leslie Tonkonow gallery (S)At midnight on Friday, while the screams of millions of partygoers rocked the city, James Karb, a 36-year-old Manhattan resident, was celebrating, too -- but much more quietly. He and about 100 others skipped the usual big night out and spent the ...Thousands of New Yorkers spend New Year's Eve at churches, synagogues, meditation centers, concerts of sacred music and at Jewish Sabbath dinners (M)"