b"The Japanese Federal Trade Commission swooped into various offices of Apple Japan Inc., the Japanese unit of Apple Computer. The raid was part of an investigation into charges that Apple had refused to allow retailers to sell its popular iMac and ...ONE of the most startling changes in Campania, the region of Naples, has been the improvement in the local wines in the last decade.    The Mastroberardino firm, headquartered here in the hills east of the city, has set the pace for generations. I...R W Apple notes some good Neapolitan wines (S)FOR decades on end, Naples was the city Italy forgot and everyone else avoided. Poor. Dirty. Hopelessly corrupt. A suburb of the third world, where a foreigner could have a purse or a wallet stolen in broadest daylight. It happened to me, right on...R W Apple, in first of five culinary reports from Italy, describes simple but splendid cooking of Naples, which uses bounty of its beautiful bay and fruits of sun-blessed Sorrento peninsula; recommends favorite restaurants of Neapolitans and pizza in place where it was invented; photos (L)Here at the threshold of a new millennium, the pace of scientific and technological advance seems overwhelming. Computers are obsolescent the moment we buy them. New discoveries at the farthest reaches of the universe leave us awestruck. Scientist...Editorial on century's rapid advance in science and technology questions whether science can continue its forward march and whether its products will be harnessed for good or evil; calls for stress on human welfareInternet mania reached new levels of frenzy today as investors paid huge multiples on an initial public offering, giving a market value of almost $10 billion to a tiny company with powerful competitors, little revenue and no expectation of earning...VA Linux Systems sets a record for an initial public offering, as shares priced at $30 close at $242.375 in first day of Nasdaq trading; achieves market value of almost $10 billion despite the fact that company, which sells computers powered by Pentium processors that run on Linux operating system, must compete with more than a dozen companies worldwide and has little revenue and no expectation of earnings in the foreseeable future; Michael C Perkins, author of The Internet Bubble, says offering is obvious example of something going through the roof with absolutely no underlying fundamentals; table (M)An article in Business Day yesterday about The Apple Daily, a Hong Kong newspaper whose offices were searched by government agents, misstated its format. It is standard size, not a tabloid.    Dec 6 article about Apple Daily, Hong Kong newspaper whose offices were searched by government agents, misstated its format; it is not tabloidIF it just doesn't seem like a Beatles recording without the green apple somewhere on the packaging, CD labeling kits will squeeze a vinyl album cover into a reproduction the size of a CD jewel case.     Such kits, including MicroVision Developmen...Advice o\xc3\x88Shortly before 6 p.m. last Monday, in the crush of evening deadlines, two dozen government agents burst into the newsroom of Hong Kong's scrappy tabloid newspaper, The Apple Daily. It was the first time in memory that Hong Kong's authorities had d...It doesn't take a cryptographer to decipher the meanings in John Irving's sprawling picaresque allegories. But a reader who wants to savor them must be willing to suspend a  psychoanalytic view of human nature descended from Freud through Oprah an...Stephen Holden reviews movie The Cider House Rules, adapted by John Irving from his novel, and directed by Lasse Hallstrom; Tobey Maguire and Charlize Theron star; photo (M)212 ++  (212) 249-6565; 133 East 65th Street, between Madison and Park Avenues; $$; smoking section; all major credit cards.      Simple American dishes are served in this restaurant, which has replaced the Marguery Grill. A garden-level room in t..."