b"The words and music have stuck in my mind for 40-odd years, because they seemed so apt. Frank Loesser wrote them for a musical called ''The Most Happy Fella,'' and they stopped the show every time.    ''You're from Big D I can guess,'' a brassy da...On the Road article by R W Apple Jr on brash, booming Dallas and its smaller sibling Fort Worth; photos; map (M)ON March 23, 1787, the great German poet, dramatist, scientist and aesthete, Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, headed southeast by carriage from Naples to the Gulf of Salerno.    ''We drove by rough and muddy roads toward some beautifully shaped mountai...R W Apple Jr, in second of five culinary reports from Italy, comments on superb mozzarella cheese produced in southern Italy, from ultra-rich buffalo milk; photos (L)FOR the last decade, the computer industry has been haunted by the fact that typing on a keyboard for long periods can often lead to painful conditions called repetitive stress injuries, including carpal tunnel syndrome, one of the most painful an...Recent study by Cornell University on repetitive stress injuries that result from typing on personal computer keyboard for long periods of time, supports the idea that problem may be prevented or treated by having people use a vertical keyboard design that lets them hold their hands in more comfortable position; Prof Alan Hedge, who conducted research, comments (M)Whittman-Hart Inc., a computer consulting company based in Chicago, said today that it had agreed to acquire USWeb/CKS, a company based here specializing in Internet design and marketing strategy, in a stock swap valued around $5.87 billion.     T...Whitman-Hart Inc acquires USWeb/CKS, in stock swap valued around $5.87 billion; two companies would create largest Internet professional-service concern in world; Robert Bernard, chairman and chief executive of Whitman, will be chief executive of new company; Robert Shaw, USWeb's chief executive, will be chairman (M)Holiday Traditions Remain and Revive      HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON will begin her day today on friendly ground, ROSIE O'DONNELL'S studio. Mrs. Clinton's appearance is a holiday tradition. This is the third year that she has been a guest in December....Public Lives column; Hillary Rodham Clinton to appear on Rosie O'Donnell's television program; WPIX-TV to show picture of yule log on its web site on Christmas Eve; Kim Poster discusses her role as lead producer of revival of play Amadeus; Tim Coombs discusses his starting line of urban sportswear Gran Hanla (M)To the Editor:    What school testing results (''Does School Testing Make the Grade?'' cover, Dec. 12) do not indicate is the amount of classroom time spent on teaching. The exams are not difficult if dedicated parents, teachers, principals and su...Francis Filardo letter says schools spend too much time on frivolities and not enough on teaching (Dec 12 article)Their apple tree is now bare and the grape and tomato vines have shriveled. But the people who gathered last week in the wooden shanty, or casita, at Rincon Criollo, a community garden on 158th Street and Brook Avenue, were talking about the other...We Stay/Nos Quedamos, a community group in Melrose section of Bronx, receives $8.2 million federal grant to develop housing for low-income elderly people on 157th Street and Third Avenue, where there is now a community garden; a small rally is held to protest loss of garden (M)SOMETIMES recipes say more about a place and the people who inhabit it than an essay ever could. When John T. Edge and his colleagues at the Center for the Study of Southern Culture at the University of Mississippi set out to write a Southern cook...Amanda Hesser reviews A Gracious Plenty, recipes and recollections from the American South (M)Since Walt Disney's Hyperion moved in last month with its corporate cousin, ABC, the television network and the publisher have become as cozy and warm as a cup of cocoa.     Hyperion just hit the lottery with its bet that thousands of living room ...Hyperion is publishing official game handbook of answers to questions on hit ABC program, Who Wants to Be a Millionaire; Hyperion and ABC are both units of Walt Disney Co; photo (M)No ordinary cocktail could countermand the anxiety of this New Year. A society pondering its fate in a thousand-year context needs a stiff drink.     Looking back, it is clear that the grogs and nogs of holidays past helped take the sting out of l...Moly O'Neill Food column on hot and spicy alcoholic beverages for the holidays; recipes; photo (M)"