b"A State Supreme Court judge yesterday reversed Gov. George E. Pataki's two-week-old order that shut down New York Apple Tours, whose double-decker buses have come under fierce criticism since one killed a pedestrian in Midtown last month. But city...New York State Supreme Court Judge Phyllis Gangel-Jacob reverses Gov George E Pataki's two-week-old order that shut down New York Apple Tours, whose double-decker buses have come under fierce criticism since one killed pedestrian in Midtown Manhattan last month; photo (M)FOR those who can afford it, the Englishman's fish of choice has always been Dover sole. And the lucky ones who can afford it have always repaired to Wiltons to enjoy it.    Well, not quite always. George Wilton didn't open for business until 1742...R W Apple Jr En Route article on Wiltons, London restaurant beloved by British aristocrats and other grandees for 150 years; photos; venerable institution in St James, discreet, masculine and unchanging, is known for its superlative, very expensive, Dover sole (M)THE Antiquarian and Landmarks Society of Hartford was not at all surprised a decade ago when it acquired a beautifully preserved 18th-century estate in northwestern Connecticut. The Bethlehem summer home for a wealthy New York family, it was calle...Article on decade-long $250,000 restoration of circa 1915 formal garden, under direction of horticulturist Robin Zitter, at 18th-century estate of Caroline Woolsey Ferriday, who bequeathed it to Antiquarian and Landmarks Society of Hartford, Conn, before she died in 1990; photos (M)Some artists zero in on a single image and can't or won't let go. It's as if everything they really need to say is sayable there. The American painter Edward Hicks (1780-1849) was one. The Peaceable Kingdom was his theme.    All 62 surviving versi...Holland Cotter reviews Edward Hicks exhibit at New York State Historical Assn in Cooperstown, New York; photos (M)IT is easy to whip up enthusiasm for Scarborough Fair. The many small dining spaces make eating here seem like a private affair, from the patio and glittery little bar at the entry to the cozy nooks of the main room to the flower-decked, vest-pock...M H Reed reviews Scarborough Fair restaurant in Bronxville, NY; photo (M)JUST a few years ago, lawmakers were in full cry about the supposed dangers of immigration -- from crime to welfare cheats to lost jobs.     Yet now Congress is poised to pass a bill that would grant visas to tens of thousands more temporary high-...Unlikely coalition of business and immigrants right groups are pushing Congress to allow increased immigration by both skilled and unskilled workers in light of tight labor market; immigrants rights groups also see more lenient policies on family reunification and political asylum (M)SUN, sand and seafood mean summer on Long Island. For nearly 40 years, Steve's Pier One has been part of that good-times equation. Generations have flocked to the Bayville beach-side landmark to savor lobsters, enjoy spectacular sunsets on the Sou...Joanne Starkey reviews Pier One seafood restaurant in Bayville, Long Island; photo (M)William H. Gates, the chairman of Microsoft, has no doubts about who is responsible for his company's antitrust woes. During a news conference last Wednesday, hours after a federal judge ordered that Microsoft be split in two, Mr. Gates spoke poin...FOR CHILDREN    Exhibitions     ''CAN YOU TELL ME HOW TO GET TO SESAME STREET?'' An interactive exhibition (through Sept. 3) atthe Brooklyn Children's Museum, 145 Brooklyn Avenue, at St. Mark's Avenue, Crown Heights, recreates the set of the PBS s...''I AM nervous I won't be blooming in time,'' said Dianne Blell, staring in dismay at her Fragrant Cloud and Bewitched rosebushes, which were definitely not cooperating.    With only 10 days to go before 300 strangers were to cast a critical eye o...Four rival garden tours will take place in Hamptons this weekend; two with glamorous social connections, Landscape Pleasures and Art World Gardens in the Hamptons will be joined this year by popular but less flashy Garden Conservancy and Southampton Rose Society tours; photos (M)"