b"To the Editor:    In referring to political debates as ''bouts'' in his article about the PBS special ''Debating Our Destiny: Forty Years of Presidential Debates,'' R. W. Apple Jr. does a disservice to fighters, who comply with formal and informal...Skidmore College Prof Ronald P Seyb letter holds R W Apple Jr does disservice to fighters, in September 24 article, by referring to political debates as 'bouts' (S)Gov. Tom Ridge of Pennsylvania sounded unconvincingly exuberant when he introduced his colleague, Gov. George W. Bush of Texas, in this fast-growing town west of Philadelphia on the morning after the year's first presidential debate.    ''Isn't it...Battlegrounds, series of articles on swing states in presidential race, revisits race in Pennsylvania; Republican politicians concede that Gov George W Bush faces steep uphill fight there, and that has national significance; Pennsylvania, with 23 electoral votes, has been one of half-dozen or so major battlegrounds from start of 2000 campaign; if it slips from Bush's grasp, he will have to win Florida and most other swing states to win majority in electoral college; photo (M)Each man had a plan tonight in the first debate of the 2000 presidential campaign -- a campaign as close, when the two stepped to the podium in Boston, as the near-legendary 1960 race.    Gov. George W. Bush of Texas set out to show that he is a p...Analysis of presidential debate holds both Republicans and Democrats had some reason for satisfaction; notes both Gov George W Bush and Vice Pres Al Gore target small segment of undecided voters in Pennsylvania and some 5 other key states; Pennsylvania politicians comment on debate's outcome (M)To the Editor:    No credible documentary about presidential debates can omit a mention of the briefing papers that were stolen from Jimmy Carter's 1980 campaign and later turned up in the files of his opponent, Ronald Reagan.    If Jim Lehrer, th...Andy Buck letter on R W Apple Jr article on PBS special Debating Our Destiny holds no credible documentary about presidential debates can omit mention of briefing papers stolen from Jimmy Carter's 1980 campaign that later turned up in Ronald Reagan's files (S)The slowdown in the personal computer industry has hit one of its most successful companies, Dell Computer, which told analysts yesterday that its third-quarter sales would fall short of expectations.    Dell attributed the problems to weak demand...Slowdown in personal computer industry has hit one of its most successful companies, Dell Computer, which tells analysts that its third-quarter sales will fall short of expectations; Dell attributes problems to weak demand in Europe and from small-business customers in US; Dell's sales will be about $8.2 billion, or 3 percent below estimates (M)First thing first. If the Yankees had any class, they would withdraw from the playoffs and not foist an embarrassing team on Major League Baseball's brightest time of the year. Where is George Steinbrenner when an apology is really needed, not jus...On Baseball column discusses first round matchups between New York Yankees-Oakland Athletics and New York Mets-San Francisco Giants in baseball playoffs; photo (M)THE FAMILY ORCHARD  By Nomi Eve  316 pages. Alfred A. Knopf. $25.      The title of Nomi Eve's ambitious first novel refers to the orchard cultivated by her narrator's family in Israel and to the intertwining family trees of her narrator's parents...Michiko Kakutani reviews The Family Orchard by Nomi Eve; photo (S)To the Editor:    I learned to use Apple's iMovie software when we got our new Mac G4. Making movies out of our ''kid activities'' video has been the most fun, creative and satisfying activity I have used the computer for. I learned to use the pro...Stocks plunged yesterday, led by declines in financial and technology stocks, as investors worried about corporate earnings disappointments and dismissed what was generally a positive employment report for September.    Despite a small rally at th...Nasdaq composite index falls 3.2 percent, or 111.09 points, to 3,361.01, and is off 17.4 percent for year; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index drops 1.9 percent, or 27.29 points, to 1,408.99, and is off 4.1 percent for year; Dow Jones industrial average falls 1.2 percent, or 128.38 points, to 10,596.54, and is down 7.83 percent for year; US bond prices are higher; yield on Treasury's 10-year note falls to 5.82 percent, from 5.85 percent, while price rises 7/32, to 99 16/32; graphs in intraday fluctuations in Dow Jones industrial average and Nasdaq composite index since August; charts on large price percentage gains and losses for Oct 6 and key US interest rates (M)THE long, sticky summer of the chocolate martini is at last behind us. Its replacement is a crisp new cocktail made from vodka and some variety of apple spirit, with a Granny Smith slice floating on top.    The apple martini is officially in seaso...Rick Marin comments on crisp new cocktail known as the apple martini; recipes; photos (L)"