b"And now, ladies and gentlemen and children of all ages, direct your attention to the stupendous holiday war between two big-top circuses.     For the first time the City of New York will permit the Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus to r...New York City will let Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey circus present high-end, one-ring, family-oriented circus in tent in Bryant Park during Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays for first time; show will compete with Big Apple Circus, holiday entertainment tradition in Damrosch Park; Ringling hopes to turn profit; Big Apple, nonprofit group, sees threat to its future and urges city to reconsider; Public Advocate Mark Green says he urged city to reschedule Ringling show because conflict risks diminishing both events, interview; photos (M)To the Editor:    J. D. Biersdorfer wrote, ''It's never easy living as a Mac user in a Windows world.'' Give me a break. Most of the software I use daily -- Digital Performer and Metasynth, for example -- is not even available on Windows. A lot of...Willy Dalton letter on Aug 3 article on Microsoft untTo the Editor:    Yesterday I typed, ''Summertime and the living is easy,'' and my Microsoft Word for the Mac grammar checker corrected me (or should I say Ira?) to ''Summertime and the living are easy.'' I was wondering how to posthumously inform...IncomoTo the Editor:    The column about how a Mac fan survives in a Windows world seems to imply that there are no genealogy programs for the Mac. I have been using Reunion for several years on my Mac. I particularly like the ability to attach pictures...Kalman Miller letter holds Aug 3 column on how MacIntosh computer fan survives in Windows world seems to imply that there are no genealogy programs for the Mac; suggests using Reunion program (S)To the Editor:    ''For Mac Users, Help From an Unlikely Quarter'' (State of the Art, Aug. 3) offered tips on Mac and Windows compatibility. You might want to know about an excellent Windows program, MacDrive 2000 by MediaFour, that sells for $59 ...Dr Murray David Schane letter on Aug 3 article on Microsoft Corp unit that creates MacIntosh software suggests purchasing program called MacDrive 2000 by MediaFour that reads Mac disks in Windows (S)Vice President Al Gore's selection of Senator Joseph I. Lieberman of Connecticut as his running mate on Monday, the frenzy of speculation that preceded it and the outpouring of analysis that has followed it raise a number of insistent questions.  ...Impact on presidential races of choice of running mates discussed in light of Vice Pres Al Gore's selection of Sen Joseph I Lieberman; such choices generally produce transient bounce in polls, but have little lasting impact; most of debate about choice focuses on candidate's ability to boost ticket, not candidate's ability to serve as president, even though many vice presidents become or run for president; photos (M)The New York City Board of Education is planning to provide online training for the city's 78,000 teachers starting next fall, Schools Chancellor Harold O. Levy said yesterday.    Mr. Levy issued a request for proposals from private companies to h...Schools Chancellor Harold O Levy says New York City Education Board plans to provide online training for teachers starting next fall; seeks proposals from private companies to help board create Web site to provide course work; says United Federation of Teachers backs plan, which would not replace courses offered by union or local colleges; says courses are not intended for unlicensed teachers seeking certification (M)Leslie Macpherson fumbled with her tool belt as she walked into the room  crammed with wires. She had never seen so many in her life. Blue ones, white ones. Wires as thin as toothpicks, wires as thick as thumbs. Thousands of them.    In her regula...Verizon Communications, being struck by its employees, has trained management workers to fill technicians' positions; photo (M)The other day, La Caravelle, the three-star Manhattan restaurant, bought '99 Muga white Rioja to sell by the glass, a tipoff that the producer has fielded a winner.     Andre Jammet, an owner, finds that the wine goes with ''any fish, like salmon ...Howard Goldberg reviews 1999 Muga white Rioja wine and notes its availability in New York City; photo (M)THEY don't sell consumer goods. Although they are financial institutions, they don't have street-level branches, tellers or A.T.M.'s. Many people have no idea what they do, and few people will ever interact directly with one.    So just how do you...Robert Stephens, investment banking arm of FleetBoston Financial Corp, is latest to join fray in which players in former buttoned-down industry are running extensive display and broadcast ad campaigns amid heightened competition inspired by new Internet economy; photo (M)"