b" To the Editor:    Re '' 'Perfect' Apple Pushed Growers Into Debt'' (front page, Nov. 4):    Because I am 86 years old, I thought it was my taste buds that had failed when apples, particularly the Red Delicious variety, tasted so bad.  Tevis M Goldhat letter laments decline of apple industry (Nov 4 article)Another week and no more.    By next weekend, a group of scholars and senior politicians interviewed this weekend agreed, the presidential race of 2000 must be resolved, without recourse to the courts. With remarkable unanimity, they said that wou...R W Apple Jr analysis of legal remedies being sought by Republicans to halt manual recount of ballots in Florida; says litigation could only spawn more litigation and drag on and on, to detriment of political system; there is lack of consensus on what to do to help head off looming court battle (M)''Now we learn,'' said the political scientist Thomas Mann, one of the leading authorities on Congress, ''who the grown-ups are around here.'' Like the rest of the nation, Mr. Mann, who is based at the Brookings Institution, a Washington research ...Analysis of once-in-a-lifetime series of electoral events that holds potential for stalemate and instability; Thomas Mann, political scientist, poses question: if Vice Pres Al Gore actually wins popular vote in Florida, but Gov George W Bush is credited with its electoral votes, would Gore and Bush engage in series of recriminations or even lawsuits, or would they decide, separately or together, to accept verdict, however flawed, and move forward; chart (M)After all the dollars and debates, after all the ads and adjectives, the country still found it immensely difficult to make up its mind.    And so the race for the presidency, which had seemed to teeter on a knife edge for the last few weeks of th...R W Apple's analysis of voting in 2000 presidential election; says close, undecided race has left important questions unanswered, such as how winner would lead since neither is within reach of big popular majority and polls suggest close electoral contest as well (M)With the recount of Florida's votes still under way and Gov. George W. Bush of Texas clinging to a hairbreadth lead, Vice President Al Gore's campaign vowed today to back a court fight over questionable ballots in Palm Beach County even after the ...Gov George W Bush's margin appears to be eroding as Florida's recount goes on, and Vice Pres Al Gore's campaign vows to back court fight over questionable ballots in Palm Beach County even after tabulation is complete; Florida's 25 electoral votes would give one candidate or other majority in Electoral College; withs stakes of this magnitude, tempers begin to fray in both camps; Gore's campaign manager, William M Daley, accuses Bush camp of trying to 'presumptively crown themselves the victors' by planning transition team; Karl Rove, Bush's chief strategist, discusses possible recounts in states Gore carried by small margins: Iowa, New Mexico and Wisconsin; many politicians warn against letting situation drag on, unresolved, for weeks; photos; map (M)NEW York: A City Is Born, 1609-1825'' is a documentary on New York history, beginning with Henry Hudson's exploration of the river that bears his name. Historians and writers like E. L. Doctorow and Mike Wallace are on the video, a 45-minute adapt...From the late 1980's through the mid-90's, one software company after another, from start-ups like the Go Corporation to giants like Microsoft, pursued the same vision: a computer that would take its orders from a pen. And one after another they f...Microsoft Corp chairman, William H Gates, will demonstrate prototype of portable computing slate, which is the size of 8 1/2-by-11-inch notebook and is operated with a pen stylus--at Comdex computer show in Las Vegas; in recent weeks company has begun testing first of several hundred prototypes; Microsoft does not plan to make such computers commercially, but it hopes that hardware makers will begin selling them by 2002 (M)The next must-have technology for colleges that want to be at the forefront of information dispersal is wireless Internet access on campus, according to John Meerts, director of information technology services at Wesleyan University, Middletown, C...Must-have technology for colleges that want to be at forefront of information dispersal is wireless Internet access on campus; colleges and even some high schools are installing transceivers, or access points, that release laptop computers from any visible means of cabled support; this allows students to move around buildings without plugging in their computers; photo (special section, Education Life) (M)Dell Computer, the most tightly run ship in the computer industry, relieved some of Wall Street's fears about softening consumer and business demand by reporting earnings yesterday that matched expectations and revenues that slightly beat them.   ...Dell Computer reports earnings of $674 million for quarter ended Oct 27, a 39.9 percent increase from $483 million it earned a year earlier; revenue rose 22 percent, to $8.26 billion from $6.78 billion a year ago (M)Q. Is there anything that is comparable to the Better Business Bureau to check on the safety of doing business with unfamiliar companies that one finds online?    A. The Better Business Bureau, a system of private, nonprofit local offices around t..."