b"Not only are some of the major video game makers coming back to the revitalized Macintosh platform, but productivity software is also  appearing on the once-dusty store shelves in the Mac section. I.B.M.'s ViaVoice for Mac software, a continuous s...IBM's ViaVoice for Mac software features continuous speech recognition system, allowing user to speak in natural rhythms and not pause uncomfortably after every word (S)Senator John McCain of Arizona said today that he had no intention of endorsing the man who defeated him for the Republican presidential nomination, Gov. George W. Bush of Texas, until he carefully considered how best to advance his campaign goals...Sen John McCain says he has no intention of endorsing Gov George W Bush until he carefully considers how best to advance his campaign goals; says neither does he contemplate an early summit meeting; declares 'I and my supporters both deserve a pause,' adding that 'The main idea is to go slow. There's a long time until November' (M)Gov. George W. Bush of Texas has a mighty mountain to climb if he is to persuade supporters of his vanquished rival, Senator John McCain of Arizona, to back him in November against Vice President Al Gore.    That was one of the significant finding...Analysis: Gov George W Bush has daunting task of persuading supporters of his vanquished rival, Sen John McCain, to back him in November against Vice Pres Al Gore; voter surveys suggest that Bush should seek quick rapprochement with McCain in hope that MaCain, who stresses his staunch Republicanism, could rally his backers against Gore; McCain's focus on campaign finance reform appealed to fewer primary and caucus voters than Bush's emphasis on variety of issues, but McCain's supporters backed him passionately and will switch reluctantly; corrected chart outlining results from surveys of Republican voters in several Mar 7 primaries, which was omitted from some Mar 8 copies (M)After a year of remarkable political tumult, both parties ended up back where they began yesterday, with the presumptive presidential nominees whom they had expected all along.    But there were important differences.  Gov. George W. Bush of Texas...R W Apple Jr analysis holds that Democratic and Republican parties, after year of political tumult, ended up where they began in March 7, with presumptive presidential nominees whom they had expected all along; maintains that Gov George W Bush emerged from campaign weaker candidate than he began it, scuffed by attacks of Sen John McCain and with party dangerously split between conservatives and moderates; says he has yet to prove he can appeal to voters in vital electoral center; holds that Vice Pres Al Gore emerged as stronger campaigner and stands at head of much more united party; table shows primary results (M)IT all started with a Champagne sorbet I had at Lutece a few weeks ago. Compared with the complicated, swooping, architectural desserts so much in vogue in top restaurants, the sorbet was elegant and understated. It reminded me of a dessert I like...Frank J Prial comments on granita, coarse-textured ice dessert made from fruit juice or espresso; recipe for apple granita with calvados photo (S)When 21st-century historians look back at the breakdown of the United States patent system, they will see a turning point in the case of Jeff Bezos and Amazon.com and their special invention: ''The patented One Click(R) feature,'' Bezos calls it. ...James Gleick article discusses evolution of patents from the traditional nuts-and-bolts world to thoughts and ideas in cyberspace; cites as prime example of this trend the patent awarded Jeff Bezos, founder of Amazon.com, for shortcut point-and-click mouse technique for e-commerce transactions; discusses how this patent promises to become start of furious, wide-ranging courtroom warfare over who will control electronic commerce; notes Bezos suit forced Barnes & Noble to modify its Web ordering procedure; says flood of patent requests flooded Patent Office to point where the system came around to view software programs as machines; cites Gregory Aharonian, consultant and publisher of widely read patent newsletter, who says that Patent Office is not competent to examine software patents; says if one-click ordering had not been patentable, surely Bezos would have invented it anyway and then seen it copied by thousands of other Internet merchants, all learning from his success to benefit of consumers; sketches of patents (L)LAST month, Oxygen Media, the $400 million TV-Internet venture created by Geraldine Laybourne, the former Nickelodeon executive, had its grand debut. While some critics expressed reservations about Oxygen's all-women-all-the-time mission, others a...Bruce Kluger article spoofs Oxygen Media's all-women-all-the-time mission; says he will start his own network, just for men, called Blowhard Network; offers inaugural lineup of offerings (M)THE apple is devilish and the broccoli is very strait-laced, 12-year-old Dan Levine of Massapequa Park was telling his animation workshop instructor, Brian Mitchell. So the apple is going to squash down and leap on top of the broccoli, using him a...Brian Mitchell teaches animation to teenagers and adults at an art school in basement of an office building in Levittown, LI; photo; Rachel Doyle, 16, and several friends give facials and cosmetic makeovers to nursing home residents on Long Island (M)The calendar says the year 2000 is here. Inside Metro Fish, the date is 1955. Or it could be 1935. Metro Fish is the kind of restaurant that invites diners to ask about ''the fisherman's catch'' and boasts that its clams and oysters are ''shucked ...William Grimes Diner's Journal review of Metro Fish restaurant on East 36th Street; photo (S)ACADIA PARISH +++  (718) 624-5154; 148 Atlantic Avenue, between Henry and Clinton Streets, Brooklyn Heights; $$$; no smoking; all major credit cards.      The dining room is plain, but the spirit is winning in this homey restaurant that serves Caj...Brief reviews of six restaurants along Atlantic Avenue in Brooklyn"