b"THERE are a number of things that we accept as natural partners for an apple tart. Vanilla ice cream is one, creme fraiche another. Even a thin scribble of wine sauce.     But pancetta, Italian bacon, isn't usually one of them.   Atlas, Manhattan restaurant, offers apple tart with pancetta, Italian bacon; photo (M)THE Proposed Final Judgment in the case of the United States v. Microsoft Corporation is on the Internet at www.usdoj.gov/atr/cases/ms  Like the aroma of fresh apple pie, needlepoint pillows embroidered with sweet sayings instantly call to mind everyone's favorite mother. But forget ''Home Is Where the Heart Is.'' This version, with sayings like ''Happiness is having a nice loving...Terry Murray feels most alive when he is on the move -- which is why he spent five years making the two-hour one-way hike to and from his job as an engineering manager at Bio-Rad Laboratories in Cambridge, Mass. It wasn't until he strapped on a pa...American Management Association survey shows number of companies that engaged in at least one form of surveillance of workers' use of e-mail and Internet surged to 66 percent this year from 45 percent in 1999; more companies are tracking Internet use than any other office activity, perhaps because potential for visiting inappropriate sites is so great; graphs; chart (M)BLOND is bold and beautiful with red teardrop lanterns hanging in the windows, pale wood floors, large canvases of earth-toned paintings and a white tablecloth and candlelit ambience. Although it is sophisticated enough to be at home in the Hampto...Joanne Starkey reviews Blond restaurant in Miller Place, Long Island (M)ON a beautiful spring night in Montclair, it felt right choosing Twenty Eight for dinner. Ducking under the bowing, flowering pear trees, I entered the restaurant feeling confident and unencumbered, for it has a clear sense of style and ease. It a...Catherine Jones reviews Twenty Eight restaurant in Montclair, NJ; photo (M)ONE way to gauge the vibrancy of a city's restaurant culture is to count the number of three-star or four-star establishments. Like the Dow, however, this approach may yield a false result. It would put Las Vegas in the same league as San Francisc...William Grimes reviews Tocqueville, Manhattan restaurant; photo (M)FRETTING over what to wear to her daughter's wedding, Ilene Beckerman experienced an instant of panic. ''Everybody remembers Princess Diana's wedding dress, but who remembers what her mother wore?'' she told herself soothingly. ''Nobody pays atten...MUCH like a mirage, the too-good-to-be-true Bridges in Bridgehampton is in the process of revving up for its first summer. It is an airy, spacious place of majestic arches, massive beams, graceful chandeliers, a wall of French doors, tiny candles ...Richard Jay Scholem reviews Bridges restaurant in Bridgehampton, Long Island; photo (M)Al Fresco   In the spring, our thoughts turn to the outdoors, and a good way to celebrate the season is to dine al fresco. Here are 12 restaurants that offer pleasant garden spots. (These summaries are taken from dining reviews, columns and articl..."