b"SOME restaurants sell ambience, whether romantic or rambunctious.    Others feature the razzle-dazzle innovations of high-priced chefs. But seafood restaurants face a special problem. They sell some of the healthiest products that people can eat, ...Legal Sea Foods of Boston develops multitiered process to safeguard quality of fish it sells; there is no comprehensive, mandatory federal program of seafood inspection; Center for Science in the Public Interest estimates that 5,000 deaths and 76 million illnesses are caused each year by unsafe food; photos (M)It was not decisive by any means, this latest chapter in the melodrama of 2000, but not meaningless, either.    From here on, Vice President Al Gore will be trying to reverse something that has happened rather than trying to keep it from happening...News analysis: certification of Gov George W Bush as winner of Florida's 25 electoral votes presents Vice Pres Al Gore with conundrum of trying to reverse something that has happened, rather than trying any longer to keep it from happening; he and Democrats face decidedly uphill fight, with only 16 days remaining until December 12 deadline for choosing Florida's electors; photo (M)Gateway, the nation's second-largest direct seller of computers, reported yesterday that its sales over the Thanksgiving weekend had plummeted 30 percent from last year's figures and warned that it would probably miss projections for quarterly ear...Gateway, second-largest US direct seller of computers, reports Thanksgiving sales 30 percent below last year's; warns that it will probably miss future quarterly earnings projections by wide margin (M)Before Thanksgiving, there were many computer industry analysts and insiders who had trouble believing that things were as rosy in the personal computer industry as Gateway, a leader in build-to-order machines, had projected.    Now, after Gateway...Financial analysts debate whether Gateway's bleak and dire predictions of its future growth and sales are accurate, and whether they mark a portent of more generalized gloominess ahead for technology sector (M)Dell Computer plans to make an investment in a small Silicon Valley developer of Linux software. The company, Eazel Inc., which was founded by three of the original members of the Apple Macintosh design team, has developed a program called Nautilu...Dell Computer plans to invest in Eazel Inc, developer of Linux software (S)One of these days -- perhaps this year, perhaps next -- John M. Deutch is going to get a call from his lawyer. If he is lucky, he will learn that his ''case'' has been resolved. Of course, it may not be a ''case'' in the formal sense; he has not b...Thomas Powers article on CIA Dir John Deutch and investigation of his downloading of classified files on home computer; explains that computer technology has made security much more challenging for agency for which it is crucial; traces Deutch's career and tenure, noting that his dream was always to head Pentagon, not CIA, where he got into trouble by not having respect for agency's classified, clandestine culture; drawings (L)Is your sweet tooth French or American? Two new bakeries in Manhattan give you a choice.    At Goupil & DeCarlo, 244 East 13th Street, Pascal Goupil, at left in photo, right, and David DeCarlo, who met when both were working at Orso in the theater...Manhattan has two new bakeries, Goupil & DeCarlo and Cafe Indulge; photo (S)BOY meets girl, girl turns out to be lesbian, and - this is the odd part - they fall in love anyhow. Ben Affleck, who was not such a huge star three and a half years ago, is the charming, boyish hero of CHASING AMY (1997), and Joey Lauren Adams is...Brief reviews of movies on television this week; photos (S)Lucky New York.    Its cornucopia of top-notch entertainment has just grown a little fuller.  Lawrence Van Gelder reviews Barnum's Kaleidoscape at Bryant Park in Midtown Manhattan; photo (M)IF there were any doubts that big beef was making a comeback on Long Island or that northern Nassau could support yet another steakhouse, the opening of Morton's of Chicago in Great Neck has put them to rest.    Just try to get a reservation on a ...Joanne Starkey reviews Morton's of Chicago, Great Neck, LI, restaurant; photo (M)"