b"John Avery, a tourist from Birmingham, England, had only one complaint about his ride through Manhattan in a New York Apple Tours double-decker bus yesterday.    ''The roads need repairs,'' Mr. Avery grumbled after a bumpy 40-minute ride from West...Nearly 60 New York Apple Tours buses return to Manhattan's streets after panel of state appellate judges rebuffs city and state efforts to sideline buses while regulators try to shut down the company; photo (M)New York Apple Tours' red double-decker buses, which have been banished from the city's streets for nearly a month, may be rolling again as early as this weekend. On Monday, a panel of state appellate judges rejected an attempt by the city and sta...New York Apple Tours' red double-decker buses, which have been banished from New York City's streets for nearly a month, may be rolling again as early as this weekend after panel of state appellate judges rejects attempt by city and state to sideline buses while they attempt to shut company down permantly (M)Q. I have impaired vision and find that the white background and black type used in Microsoft Word documents is hard on my eyes. Is there any way to change the background color of the documents for easier reading?    A. Yes, there is a setting wit...OF all the seasons, summer demands the most of its beverages, requiring refreshment as well as lightness and balance. You could drink a heavy Chateauneuf-du-Pape or a tannic cabernet sauvignon with a hearty roast, but who would want to? The first ...Eric Asimov Tastings column on prosecco, sparkling wine of Italy's Veneto region, as summer aperitif; table of sampled brands; drawing (M)To the Editor:    I just finished reading R. W. Apple Jr.'s delightful and informative article (''Toque and Dagger: The Sauce Secrets of Worcester,'' June 21). I was surprised he didn't mention that at least in Britain, the sauce is called simply ...Joel M Woldman letter on June 21 article notes Lea & Perrin sauce is simply called Worcester sauce in Britain; complains ingredients are not same around worldSuzanne deBruyn Robbins and John Cawthra Taylor were married yesterday in New York. The Rev. Albert A. Kenney performed the ceremony at the Roman Catholic Church of St. Ignatius Loyola.    Mrs. Taylor, 35, is the special events assistant for the B...Dimpled and curly-haired with an ingenuous smile, Boy Scout manners and a polished vocal delivery that slides comfortably between theatrical belting and intimate pop crooning, Kane Alexander, a 23-year-old Australian singer, exudes a perky profess...Stephen Holden reviews performance by singer Kane Alexander at Firebird Cafe; photo (M)IN the sweet languor of these long days, if summer vacation is still weeks away, an evening feasting on lobster, steamers or fish and chips at the Fish Cellar can produce the illusion of having a picnic or dining at the shore now. Weather permitti...M H Reed reviews Fish Cellar restauant in Mount Kisco, NY; photos (M)WASHINGTON STREET in South Norwalk has never been more with it. Just step into Match Wood Burning Oven and Bar on any evening, especially on weekends, and enjoy the scene. (And in warm weather, there's no need to step in at all, as the entire fron...Patricia Brooks reviews Match Wood Burning Oven and Bar restaurant in South Norwalk, Conn (M)TWO glossy sources of awe and envy recently met in a Grasmere parking lot to signal that summer had come to Staten Island: a muscle car rally and the Hooters Calendar Girls. Cars and their owners gathered under the auspices of the Richmond County ...Summer scene on Staten Island, NY, described; photos (M),"