b"Go. Run. Hide. Escape. The little voice that promises adventure and danger in Thomas Perry's hide-and-seek thrillers sends out another irresistible summons in BLOOD MONEY (Random House, $24.95). ''Everybody wants to go somewhere,'' says Jane White...Marilyn Stasio reviews following books: Blood Money by Thomas Perry; Manifesto for the Dead by Domenic Stansberry; Void Moon by Michael Connelly; The Body in the Big Apple by Katherine Hall Page; and Coyote Revenge by Fred Harris; drawing (M)Pollution tests released yesterday seem to confirm what many New York pedestrians already suspected: that the growing fleets of double-decker tourist buses spew out much more diesel pollution than regular city buses do.    The tests, overseen by t...Pollution tests find that double-decker tour buses now playing New York streets emit six times more diesel pollution than even oldest buses in regular city fleet; photo (S)Ending more than two years of very public indecision, Apple Computer's co-founder, Steven P. Jobs, said today he was dropping the ''interim'' from ''interim chief executive,'' the title under which he has led the company back into prosperity in th...THE great Chilean poet Pablo Neruda called tomatoes ''the stars of the earth,'' which ''grant us the festival of ardent color and all-embracing freshness.''    Well, not all of us. Not us Americans, most of the time. We are subjected to tomatoes b...Several times in each of the last few decades, Silicon Valley has been home to a truly big gamble. In 1984, the Apple Macintosh transformed the computer industry, but other high-stakes wagers like the Amiga or the Go Corporation have fizzled.    I...OPENING Scene: Interior. Zoom in on a man sitting alone at a personal computer in a heavily fortified, well provisioned bunker, surfing the Internet, browsing for recipes that call for lots of canned tuna and peanut butter.    As movie scripts go,...LOPRETE-Connie. Passed away on January 6, 2000. She took her last breath with the strength and dignity that we all knew her for. She maintained her style and class through the end. She is survived by her son, Ralph, daughter-in-law, Naomi, and the...Pots of bulbs you are forcing should be kept below 40 degrees until they have had enough chilling. Early bulbs like Iris reticulata, Ipheion uniflorum and Muscari azureum can be brought indoors for forcing when they have had six to eight weeks of ...This Week's gardening suggestion: forcing bulbs and branches of early-blooming trees and shrubs (S)Stocks Reverse Deep Slide But Still End the Day Mixed  Stock prices halted their early-year slide but finished mixed. The Nasdaq composite index fell nearly 167 points in early trading, then jumped into positive territory, but ended the day down 2...SINCE Jennifer Halsey started working on her 70-acre family farm in Water Mill full time nearly three years ago, she has introduced a new insect and fungus control system. In the fields and orchards, she has set up drip irrigation and ''fertigatio...Long Island Journal column: profile of 12th-generation Long Island family farmer Jennifer Halsey, 24, who is one of handful of young farmers who have decided to farm after college; Victoria Crosby, poet laureate of Glen Cove, reads poem at inauguration of Mayor Thomas Suozzi; photo (M)"