b"A picture caption yesterday about a family of trapeze artists performing with the Big Apple Circus misstated the location. The circus is at Lincoln Center, not in Radio City Music Hall.    Correction of Nov 21 picture caption, which misstated New York City site where Big Apple Circus performsThey have their own way of doing things in the Big Easy. They always have.    They have their own languid pace, which led Tennessee Williams, a sometime resident, to rhapsodize about ''those long rainy afternoons in New Orleans, when an hour isn't...R W Apple Jr On the Road article on attractions of New Orleans; maps; photos (M)New Orleans is 1,300 miles southwest of New York City. A sampling of attractions, along with travel information:    Where to Stay    AUDUBON COTTAGES, 509 Dauphine Street, (504) 561-5858. You reserve these enchanting one- and two-bedroom cottages ...Travel information and sampling of attractions in New Orleans; photo (M)It was spaghetti sauce from a jar and canned corn for dinner. Mom had to go back to work in a few hours and there wasn't time for anything fresh.    Jill Pages smoked two cigarettes, careful not to smear her makeup. The rouge, the black strokes ac...Profile of Pages family of trapeze artists, mother, father and two children who perform with Big Apple Circus, which is performing in New York City through January; photos (L)The slender prospects of an early resolution of the nation's electoral impasse dwindled further over the long holiday weekend, and some now see it persisting into January.    A ruling by the United States Supreme Court sometime after the hearing i...R W Apple analysis of nation's electoral impasse; observes that eventual certification of Florida vote may settle nothing, noting that Vice Pres Gore's campaign has made it clear that he not only expects to fight on, whatever the result, but also expects prominent Democrats to stand behind him (M)Thanksgiving Day already, two weeks and more after millions of Americans went to the polls, yet the outcome of the presidential election of 2000 remains unclear, obscured by the fog of intent.    Vice President Al Gore and Gov. George W. Bush and ...R W Apple Jr analyses the difficult task facing election officials in Florida, who have been told by courts to discern each voter's intent in presidential vote (M)The victory that the Florida Supreme Court handed tonight to Vice President Al Gore, while huge, was nonetheless notably incomplete, and that left open the chance that the nation might be heading for political Armageddon.    Republicans reacted wi...Analysis of reaction to Florida Supreme Court ruling upholding manual recount, huge but incomplete victory for Vice Pres Al Gore; sees danger of political Armageddon; cites Republican fury; sees court taking pains to leave ample time for challenge to final count to be adjudicated before Dec 12 deadline for naming Florida's electors (M)The  resolution of a momentous political  question  who will be the next president of the United States -- passed today, at least for now, into the hands of the justices of the Florida Supreme Court, seven men and women little known in their state...News analysis: Florida Supreme Court justices hearing arguments in suit over presidential balloting seem to be searching for way to reconcile competing imperatives of how to ensure that votes of every Floridian will be counted, to degree possible, without taking so long that final result will come too late to be reflected in Electoral College; seem to be groping toward timetable of their own devising that will allow manual recounting of votes to proceed but still permit legal underbrush to be cleared in time to allow state to participate fully in national political decision-making; decision may not be straight yes-or-no verdict on whether to count contested votes (M)Sites in London with connections to the Beatles are listed in the recently published ''Official Abbey Road Cafe Guide to the Beatles London'' (Abbey Road Cafe). The author, Richard Porter, has been leading Beatles-themed tours of London for 10 yea...New Official Abbey Road Cafe Guide to the Beatles London noted (S)Cosmos Dance Company  Joyce SoHo      The nations of the dance world can unite in unexpected ways. Some Greek modern dancers from the Greek National School of Dance became reacquainted in New York. Together with Colleen Thomas, a choreographer fro...Jack Anderson reviews Greek dance program by Cosmos Dance Company (S)"