b'To the Editor:     My mouth watered on reading R. W. Apple Jr.\'s article \'\'Best Fishing Hole in St. James\'s\'\' (June 14). Fifty-two years ago, after having fenced in the 1948 Olympic Games in London, I joined my teammates for a ferry ride to Ostend...Maria Cerra Tishman letter on R W Apple Jr\'s June 14 article recalls sampling Dover soleLos Angeles is 2,780 miles west of New York City. Here is a sampling of attractions, along with travel information:    Where to StayTo the Editor:    R. W. Apple\'s article about gastro pubs in England (\'\'News Down at the Pub: Good Food, for One Thing,\'\' June 7) was distressing to me. Although I am sure many of these gourmet inns serve excellent food, I am also sure that this s...Jat Hewitt letter on R W Apple Jr\'s June 7 article on England\'s gastro pubs fears threat to pub as place where men of different classes can drink and socialize togetherMy earliest memories of Los Angeles are the wisecracks of the old radio comedians. Fred Allen, as I recall, described this as \'\'a nice place to live, if you happen to be an orange,\'\' and Oscar Levant said that when you stripped away the tinsel her...R W Apple Jr On the Road article about Los Angeles, mega-city by the sea that is firmly defined in popular culture by fantasy and ambition of entertainment industry; suggests visits to animated old downtown, cultural meccas and famous places of hype and hyperbole; photos; map; list (M)This humble Bloody Mary has its roots in a 2000 article by R. W. Apple Jr., who explored the origins of Worcestershire sauce, \xe2\x80\x9cperhaps best known as an indispensable ingredient" in the cocktail. Mr. Apple\xe2\x80\x99s version doesn\xe2\x80\x99t stray far from tradition...THE sun has set on the British Empire, but not on a handful of products that followed the Union Jack overseas. Colman\'s mustard, Gilbey\'s gin and Lipton\'s tea remain familiar in English-speaking countries and many others, and Lea & Perrins Worcest...Fourth article in series on British food focuses on Lea & Perrins Worcestershire Sauce, product ubiquitous abroad; sauce, first formulated in 1835, is one of few products made to same formula for so long; recipe; photos (M)Shares of Digital Island Inc. soared 31 percent today after the company said that it was working with Compaq Computer, Intel and Microsoft to create a network for delivering real-time audio and video on the Internet.     So-called streaming techno...Digital Island Shares Soar on Streaming M\xc2\xaaAs Microsoft prepares to announce its Next Generation Windows Services initiative this week, an influential computer scientist is circulating a thesis that challenges William H. Gates\'s vision of the future.    On Thursday, Microsoft plans to desc...Computer scientist David Gelernter says Microsoft\'s new push to shift locus of computing off desktop to large server computers located on Internet in bid to maintain central role for Microsoft software may be defensive plan that misjudges computer industry\'s future direction, phone interview; says computing, rather than moving to increasingly Web-centric model, is becoming decentralized, with key data distributed among millions of desktop computers; photo (M)I can foresee the e-junk-mail of the next Internet generation:    \'\'Dear Joe: We know you like adult movies, but we also know you have never seen sex like this. Keep this sample with our compliments and sign up for a weekly treat.\'\'    \'\'Dear Mary...Max Frankel column says an Internet Web site should be required by law to tell visitors what it will do with the personal information it learns about them and seek their \'opt in\' consent for that use; photo (L)Embracing an approach to computing it once scoffed at, Microsoft unveiled a strategy today that will increasingly move its business away from the personal computer the company has championed since the mid-1970\'s.    The company said it would retoo...Microsoft Corp says it will retool its product line to shift focus of computing away from hardware devices and toward new generation of Internet-based software allowing people to interact with data and one another whether they are using computers, digital cell phones or interactive television; chairman Bill Gates and his top executives introduce what they portray as vision of new software platform--called .NET--in which users will be surrounded by range of devices providing access to universe of information, including business and personal data; Gates says new products will be rolled out in increments beginning next year, when Microsoft plans to introduce version of its Windows operating system to be called Windows.Net 1.0 (M)'