b"Whatever else Senator John McCain of Arizona achieved in his short, sharp foray into Virginia this week, he certainly moved no closer to the Republican presidential nomination. His long-shot attack on the leaders of the religious right bore no imm...R W Apple Jr analysis holds that Virginia primary was victory for Gov George W Bush in more than one sense; notes that he piled up imposing margin, took all 56 delegates and denied Sen John McCain kind of showing among Republican voters that he desperately needs (M)A war hero challenged the choice of the establishment, a member of an old political clan, for the Republican presidential nomination. For reasons that were not entirely clear, the war hero, who saw himself as a stout conservative, was considered t...Republican politicians discern similarities between Sen John McCain's bid for Republican presidential nomination this year and Dwight D Eisenhower's successful campaign in 1952; photo (M)Before Washington State's votes rolled in late Tuesday, aides to Senator John McCain tried to minimize Gov. George W. Bush's victory in Virginia, which had reported earlier.    The only place Mr. Bush had shown any strength, McCain aides said, was...Analysis of Sen John McCain's big losses in primaries in Virginia, North Dakota and Washington State; it comes one week before 13 states hold Republican primaries and caucuses; new polls taken in number of those states show tough going for McCain; McCain's biggest problem is his inability to shake Gov George W Bush's hold on Republican loyalists, whose votes will decide allocation of New York and California delegates; photo (M)DEAR DIARY:    While driving up Route 130 through South Brunswick on a recent Saturday, I saw a sign indicating a motor vehicle inspection station ahead. With all the bad press that the private operator, Parsons Infrastructure and Technology Group...ANY time you think you've got a grape figured out, along comes a wine that knocks it out of its pigeonhole. The best chardonnays, for example, whether from California or Burgundy or even Australia, tend to be rich and creamy, full of exotic flavor...Eric Asimov comments on genuine Chablis; map; recommends several (S)What with all the primaries next Tuesday, I've been a little worried that New York would be robbed of its traditional role in the presidential selection process. Which is, of course, to torture and humiliate the candidates until they beg for mercy...Gail Collins Op-Ed column previews New York State's Presidential primaries; sees Republicans working themselves into a real New York-quality snit (M)FOR decades, Leshko's has held down a corner near Tompkins Square Park in what was once called the Pirogi Belt, in deference to the neighborhood's Slavic population. Aside from providing early-morning and late-night sustenance to the local clubbin...Eric Asimov, in $25 and Under column, reviews Leshko's, restaurant on Lower East Side (M)Highland pipers, Chinese acrobats and Viennese choirboys are among the performers who are to appear during the 2000-01 season of the New Jersey Performing Arts Center in Newark.    The season opens on Sept. 29 with a three-day run by the Manhattan...New Jersey Performing Arts Center announces its 2000-01 season (M)AFTER six weeks of tasting and drinking '97 and '98 white Burgundies, both at dinner and large-scale commercial tastings, a shift in personal taste -- in preference -- that has long been quietly building has finally reached a critical mass.    It ...Long Island Vines column on Northeastern chardonays (S)In France a brasserie traditionally specialized in beer and Alsatian food; in fact, the word itself is French for beer hall or brewery. Today's brasseries, which tend to focus on wine rather than beer, are enjoying great popularity in Manhattan. H...Eating Out reviews of French-style brasseries in Manhattan; map (M)"