b"WRAPPED in a glow of bright, flashing lights that danced on his dark glasses, Miguel Hernandez bounced in his seat to the playful sounds of carnival music.    ''Wow, is that man really juggling three tennis rackets?'' Miguel, 15, asked a teacher's...Big Apple Circus puts on special show foWHAT ever happened to the golden-skinned Christmas goose?    Down through the decades, it was the piece de resistance at holiday celebrations here and abroad. My paternal grandmother, a devout, sturdy German-American from the Middle West, put one ...R W Apple Jr laments decline in goose eating, noting roast goose was tradition at holiday dinners of yore; photos;recipes (L)For years, Macintosh fans have stood on the sidelines, looking on as Windows users enjoyed a choice of several speech-transcription programs. Now there are two Mac programs that can transcribe speech that is dictated at conversational speed. But e...IBM and iListen introduce programs for transcribing speech using Macintosh computers (S)The new millennium, if it actually was the new millennium, did not bring much in the way of new trends except perhaps on the small screen. Television viewers embraced so-called reality TV in the form of a new series, Survivor, and the quiz show Wh...Compilation of year's media favorites (M)To the Editor:    Re ''Powell to Head State Dept. as Bush's First Cabinet Pick'' (front page, Dec. 17):     President-elect George W. Bush could not have done better than to select Dick Cheney as vice president and to nominate Colin L. Powell as s...Daniel B Jeffs letter hails nomination of Gen Colin L Powell as secretary of state (Dec 17 article)WHEN I was planning Thanksgiving dinner this year I complied with the family's request for apple pie. But I decided to try something different.     Like most fruit pies, a traditional two-crust apple pie calls for some kind of thickening to bind t...Food column suggests dessert recipes using sauteed fruit (M)Getty Chairman Resigns To Make Way for Lukoil      Leo Liebowitz has resigned as the chairman and chief executive of Getty Petroleum Marketing Inc. (NYSE: GPM) as a part of Lukoil's completion of its tender offer for the company.     Getty, based ...Leo Liebowitz resigns as chairman of Getty Petroleum Marketing as part of Lukoil's completion of tender offer (S)Parisians are used to the idea of the baby bistro. A well-known restaurant achieves popularity, then spins off a smaller, more casual version of itself. Not a twin but a place with recognizable family features. It's taken awhile, but David and Kar...William Grimes Diner's Journal review of Le Zinc in TriBeCa; photo (S)THIS village's compact downtown has long been gentrified, its graceful avenues and handsome storefronts consistently drawing a tony presence. With vacancies rare in the center of the village, enterprising newcomers have had to look to the fringes ...informaBACK at Thanksgiving, a homemade apple pie we brought to my parents' feast was met with a noticeable lack of enthusiasm. People who tried to eat it immediately began calling for a canine disposal unit -- ''Here, Spot! Here, Fritzi!'' -- even thoug...Neil Genzlinger column reviews notable and sometimes humorous errors made by New Jerseyites in 2000; drawing (M)0"