b"A listing in On the Towns last Sunday and on March 5 misstated the reservation number for the Big Apple Circus. It is (800) 922-3772.  Correction of On the Towns listing on Mar 12The Microsoft Corporation is expected to announce Tuesday that it is throwing its considerable weight behind a keyword system that aims to enable Internet users to navigate the Web without typing in the cumbersome addresses known as U.R.L.'s.    T...Microsoft Corp is xpected to announce that it is backing keyword system that aims to enable Internet users to navigate Web without typing in cumbersome addresses known as URL's; technology, developed by RealNames Corp, allows Web users to type in name of company or product--without ususal'www.' precede and '.com' suffix--and zip directly to site of entity that has paid RealNames to lock up that keyword; Microsoft will take 20 percent equity stake in RealNames, which has filed for initial public offering (M)The Microsoft Corporation said today that it had licensed its Windows Media Player technology, without charge, to its main competitor, RealNetworks.    Microsoft used the occasion to assert that its digital media effort -- producing software for I...Microsoft Corp has licensed its Windows Media Player technology, without charge, to its main competitor, RealNetworks; Microsoft uses occasion to asset that its digital media effort--producing software for Internet users to listen to audio and watch video--is moving rapidly (M)An article on Monday about Bike Week 2000, a gathering of motorcyclists in Daytona Beach, Fla., misidentified a model of Harley-Davidson on display at the event in candy-apple red. It was the Softail, not the Softrider.  March 13 article about Bike Week 2000, gathering of motorcyclists in Daytona Beach, Fla, misidentified model of Harley-Davidson on display at event; it was SoftailTheater lovers who can't bask in the footlights can turn to TheaterMania.com, a new Web site devoted primarily to Broadway and Off Broadway theater productions (www .theatermania.com). There are video clips of interviews with actors and promotiona...Theater lovers now have new Web site devoted primarily to Broadway and Off Broadway theater productions, www.theatermania.com; photo (S)Election 1998. Lewis Massey, Georgia's secretary of state, is a candidate for governor, running an advertisement that shows a teacher sitting at her desk as a long line of pupils rushes past, faster and faster, each putting an apple on the desk un...North Carolina's attorney general, Mike Easley, who is running for governor, uses the same film footage in one of his ads that Lewis Massey used when he ran for governor of Georgia in 1998; is using same consultant, Saul Shorr; Massey lost (S)THOUGH wine writers often extol the glory of fine German rieslings, the American public has long responded with a great collective yawn. Many reasons are cited: the German labels are too complex, the descriptive terminology is incomprehensible, th...Eric Asimov column recommends several well-balanced German rieslings (S)Bike Week 2000 headed for the finish wire on Sunday, leaving a trail of broken bodies and smashed motorcycles.    And that was just on local roads and city streets. The damage on the track at Daytona International Speedway, where professional cycl...13 bikers die in traffic accidents and scores more are injured during Bike Week 2000 jamboree, which drew 600,000 people to Daytona Beach, Fla; police say toll is highest in 59-year history of event; photo (M) EQ  ** [Rating: Two Stars]  (212) 414-1961; 267 West Fourth Street, at Perry Street; $$$; smoking at the bar; all major credit cards.Summaries of reviews of several restaurants in West Village, NYC (M)RESTAURANTS, like great seas, ebb and flow. Montgomery's in Roslyn Heights was at high tide when I visited in 1996, shortly after it opened.  At that time, it was so popular that the host was overheard on the phone exclaiming, ''I couldn't get my ...Joanne Starkey reviews Ragtime, restaurant in Roslyn Heights, New York (M)"