b" To the Editor:    I am writing to express my utmost appreciation for the five-part series that R. W. Apple Jr. wrote on Southern Italy. It was so enjoyable that I was sad to read the last article.  Michelle Russo lauds R W Apple's series of articles on Southern ItalyFOUR decades ago, a Hall of Fame career began in Geneva, N.Y., with a young Cuban immigrant and a coffee shop menu that he could not read.     ''I couldn't communicate with people the way I would've liked to,'' Tony Perez said. ''I'd go to a resta...Harvey Araton Sports of The Times column recalls career of Tony Perez following his election into Baseball's Hall of Fame; photo (M)So Bill Gates is stepping down -- or up, or sideways, or something -- from his position as C.E.O. of Microsoft. Nobody seems to think that this will make much difference either to the way Microsoft is run or to the desire of the Justice Department...Paul Krugman column says Bill Gates, who is stepping down as Microsoft's chief executive officer, was able to push aside IBM and Apple Computer and dominate the new electronic economy because he realized importance of 'network externalities,' the incentive most people have to use the same software--or video format, or typewriter keyboard--that everyone else uses (M)Over the years, the Iowa caucuses have made some presidential candidates (like Jimmy Carter in 1976) and unmade others (like Steve Forbes in 1996). But this time, they have seemed like a warm-up bout compared with the ballyhooed main event in New ...Iowa caucuses will be held on Jan 24, and Vice Pres Al Gore on Democratic side and Gov George W Bush on Republican side are expected winners; two well-funded, well-organized underdogs, Bill Bradley and Steve Forbes, are accelerating their efforts in Iowa, hoping, if not to defeat their respective rivals, to come close enough to get lift as they move to New Hampshire, whose critical primary takes place only eight days later, on Feb 1; photo (M)When history records the names of Microsoft's great adversaries, one that might someday join the list alongside Apple, Netscape and America Online is an Internet company called RealNetworks.    Underscoring the intensifying competition, both compa...FOR the last 50 years, the increasing speed of computers has been as much a constant as the outstretched arm of the tax collector. While that good fortune is bound to come to an end eventually, teams of scientists and engineers continue to produce...Ways in which chip designers make computers faster described; involve moving electron packets to destinations sooner by making chips smaller or by using new chemical process for building chips that can speed movement of electrons; chip designers also try to maximize work chips can do by packing each chip with more transistors; diagrams (M)Jack E. Brown, a lawyer prominent in several early cases concerning the computer industry and intellectual property, died on Jan. 6 at his home in Paradise Valley, Ariz. He was 72.     The cause was a heart attack, said Paul F. Eckstein, an attorn...Jack E Brown, lawyer prominent in several early cases concerning computer industry and intellectual property, dies at age 72 (M)An article in Business Day on Monday about software that is used to transmit and receive audio and video files over the Internet misstated the capabilities of Apple Computer's QuickTime software. QuickTime allows a computer user to immediately see...Correction of Jan 10 article on software used to transmit and receive audio and video files over Internet, which misstated capabilities of one software package mentionedWilliam H. Gates stepped aside today as chief executive of Microsoft after a quarter-century of running the company day to day and gave that role to his longtime partner Steven A. Ballmer, the company's president.    Mr. Gates will remain as chair...William H Gates steps aside as chief executive of Microsoft after a quarter-century of running company day to day and gives that role to his long-time partner Steven A Ballmer, company's president; Gates will remain as chairman and says he will take on new role as 'chief software architect,' declaring his conviction that 'in the revolution ahead of us, software will be at the center'; photos (M)Offering alphabetical entries on the century's major design movements (Art Nouveau, Bauhaus, de Stijl) and designers, including Eileen Gray, Le Corbusier, Serge Mouille and Marco Zanuso (his 1951 chairs are at left), ''Design of the 20th Century''...Design of the 20th Century, book by Charlotte and Peter Fiell, offers alphabetical entries on century's major design movements and designers; photo (S)"