b"Apple Computer introduced a flurry of new products yesterday from a restyled mouse to an overhaul of its popular iMac desktop computers, whose sales have stagnated in recent months.    Apple has enjoyed a remarkable corporate revival the last thre...Apple Computer introduces new products from restyled mouse to overhaul of its popular iMac desktop computers, whose sales of stagnated in recent months, Macworld exhibition, New York City; chief executive Steven P Jobs comments; photo (M)On the eve of its semiannual MacWorld trade show, Apple Computer today delivered mixed quarterly returns, with earnings exceeding analyst expectations but sales falling short of projections in light of disappointing sales of the iMac, the company'...Apple Computer reports mixed results for its third quarter ended July 1, with earnings exceeding analyst expectations but sales falling short of projections in light of disappointing sales of iMac, company's staple personal computer; reports earnings of $163 million compared with $114 million in same quarter a year ago; says sales were $1.83 billion, 17 percent higher than $1.56 billion a year ago, but lower than $1.9 billion many analysts expected (M)Despite the success of its iMac model, Apple's Macintosh computers lost ground in American households last year, according to a survey being released today by Media Metrix, the Web market-tracking company. The Media Metrix survey shows that 3.8 mi...Media Metrix survey shows Apple's Macintosh computers lost ground in American households last year; says 3.8 million households owned Macs in January, compared with 4.1 million a year earlier; finds that for first time, Gateway and Compaq Computer are leading brands of Windows PC's in American homes, each in about 5.4 million homes, followed by previous leader, Packard-Bell, with 5.2 million; graph (S)Steve Jobs officially unveiled the new PowerMac G4 Cube at Mac World Expo yesterday. But even before his speech, Mac fans, never shy in their ardor, couldn't contain themselves.    The Cube -- the nickname that enthusiasts immediately gave the new...Steve Jobs officially unveils new PowerMac G4 Cube at Mac World Expo; new model is encased in 8-inch clear plastic cube, about quarter the size of G4 computer currently on market; 450-megahertz and 500-megahertz Cubes will go on sale in August; photo (S)Annika Sorenstam and Rosie Jones, playing in the final group of the day, were tied for the lead in the Japan Airlines Big Apple Classic this afternoon when they stepped to the 17th tee at Wykagyl Country Club.    Things looked good for Jones when ...Annika Sorenstam wins Japan Airlines Big Apple Classic golf tournament; photo (M)There are encouraging numbers for Gateway and Compaq, humbling ones for Apple and Drkoop.com. Details appear in the Technology Briefing column as Business Day expands its coverage of technology. Page C6.Q. I'm moving to Europe and wish to take my computer with me. Will I have a problem with the computer because of the different electrical standards overseas?    A. Different European countries have different electrical standards, so find out ahead...Usually, when hail descends on the picturesque apple orchards of the Hudson Valley, it strikes fitfully, wreaking havoc on a farmer's field of Empires, say, but sparing his McIntoshes. But this spring's hail was different.    Two storms pelted new...Apple Growers in New York's Hudson Valley are abandoning some orchards entirely this season because of damage to crops from two springtime hail storms; approximately 2.09 million bushels, or about a third of crop grown on 7,000 acres, are expected to be lost in probably worst crop damage in memory; loss comes as number of economic forces have pushed many growers to brink; many fear for way of life and evoke potential consequence of their financial crisis in region where wave of development has cut into apple growing in last decade; seek emergency infusion of cash from federal government; photos (M)Aetna Agrees to Sell Units To ING for $5 Billion in Cash  Aetna agreed to sell its international and financial services units to the ING Group of the Netherlands for $5 billion in cash, people close to the deal said.    Under the deal, which was t...Wall Street was heartened last week by Alan Greenspan's assurances that the soaring economy is finally winding down to a more manageable pace. Then reality set in.     Investors are coming to grips with the fact that the slower economy means slowe..."