b"When friends from abroad come to the United States, I always send them to Chicago, or try to. It is the quintessential American city: muscular, inventive, wonderfully diverse, worldly-wise (if a bit oafish at times) and as unpretentious as its pra...On the Road article by R W Apple Jr on Chicago, described by H L Mencken as 'American in every chitling and sparerib'; city of vibrant, often cheerfully corrupt politics, is setting for strong architecture, generations of European immigrants, and fierce sports loyalties; photos; map (M)AGRICULTURE, they tell you the moment you get to Des Moines, no longer rules the local economy. Corn and pigs are no longer kings.    Well, maybe not, but farm traditions die hard. Although almost half of Iowa's pork producers went out of business...R W Apple Jr profiles hog farm scene in Iowa, where hogs outnumber people five to one; declares that pork with real flavor is an Iowa heirloom; photo; recipes (M)   TO My friends in the San Francisco Bay Area, center of the universe  FROM Matt  SUBJECT Search for Silicon Alley      Friends, I write from the Big Apple, home to Broadway shows, museums and unmatched cuisine. What a backwater!  Matt Richtel article in form of letter to friends in California's Silicon Valley on trying to find Manhattan's so-called Silicon Alley; drawing (M)CODE RUSH: A YEAR IN THE LIFE OF A SILICON VALLEY SUPERNOVA  (Produced by Winton duPont Films and KTEH, San Jose; to be broadcast tonight at 10 on PBS.)       THERE is no lack of drama in the history of Netscape, the company that introduced millio...Michelle Slatalla reviews television program Code Rush; A Year in the Life of a Silicon Valley Supernova on history of Netscape, company that introduced Internet users to World Wide Web; program was produced by Winston duPont Films and KTEH, San Jose, for broadcast on PBS; photo of James Barksdale, Netscape president, in 1998 (M)COME on, admit it. Who does not love getting a deal, no matter how much it costs?    Marketers depend on consumers' desires to go after deals, even for things we would  never buy without a dollar-off coupon. Online retailers are equally savvy, off...Online retailers act much like their real-store counterparts: luring shoppers in, getting them to spend more than they planned and sending them away reassured that they got a bargain; some tips for savvy shopping online noted; photo (M)THE word terroir, French for soil, has an almost mystical meaning in Burgundy. It connotes not only the character of a vineyard's soil but the soul of the terrain as expressed through the wine.    In Burgundy, where vineyards are often divided int...Eric Asimov comments on some California wines known for their terroir, referring to character of a vineyard's soil, and then identifying wines through land where grapes are grown; some recommendations listed; photo (S)THERE was a time when I had to walk carefully through the orchard when the apple trees were in bloom. So many honeybees were flying back and forth from the blossoms to their hives in the woods that it was almost impossible not to stroll innocently...Wild honeybee populations are down sharply, devastated by parasitic mites; variety of other bees are helping to fill void as pollinators; photos (Cuttings column) (M)EVERY day is St. Patrick's Day at McGillicuddy's Irish Inn. There's Irish soda bread on the tables, bangers and mash on the menu and songs from the auld sod in the air at this neat nook at 2232 Jericho Turnpike in Garden City Park (516-746-7590). ...A la Carte column on Long Island dining scene; reviews McGillicuddy's Irish Inn in Garden City Park (S)Many New Yorkers blossomed with enthusiasm for the Yankees last season, but at least one baseball fanatic said the whole thing was a bore.  ''I got my own league here, I don't care what they do,'' said 88-year-old Alfredo Nazario.    It was still ...Alfredo Nazario, 88, emerges each spring to lead Bronx Baricuas, Little League he created in Hunts Point in 1962; photos (S)Not long ago, I told a friend the time was nigh for us to broaden our horizons. He responded that, literally speaking, ''broadened horizons'' are most easily realized on a beach in the Caribbean.     But my horizons and I were not destined for the...Jeremy Scott, clothing designer who lives in Paris, calls on his father, winner of many barbecue contests in his native Kansas City, Mo, to feed his staff during hectic fashion shows; photos; recipes (M)"