b"THE last time Apple Computer introduced a fundamentally new operating system was in 1984, when System 1.0 was shipped with the original Macintosh computer. Ronald Reagan was president, Steve Jobs was the chairman of Apple, and consumers' embrace o...Apple Computer introduces beta version of its new Mac OS X (10) operating system software, which is based on Unix operating system and has a new interface, called Aqua; people who pay $29.95 for chance to find bugs and glitches in this test version will be surveyed by company for comment; photo (M)THE Mac OS X beta software comes neatly packaged from Apple inside a clean white folder with a big blue X on the front. Even though Apple says X should be pronounced ''10,'' the enigmatic appeal of the letter X seems vaguely more appropriate. X, a...J D Biersdorfer and Don Donofrio article of their test of beta version of Mac OS X software (M)After years of false starts, Apple Computer introduced its first radically changed operating system since the original Macintosh entered the market in 1984. The much-anticipated new system, called Mac OS X, was released to the public in an evaluat...LUCA PASCHINA and a few other Virginia farmers are succeeding in one of the few endeavors at which Thomas Jefferson failed: winemaking.    Jefferson, of course, was one of the greatest of all Americans. He drafted much of the noble language of the...R W Apple on Virginia farmers who are succeeding as winemakers, one of few endeavors at which Thomas Jefferson failed: map; photos (L)To the Editor:    Aside from the intangible benefits that a broader education can offer young people heading for technology jobs, college can also offer a better technical education. It's easy to feel on top when you can run your high school's com...Jef Raskin letter comments on Sept 7 article on young people opting for technology jobs over collegeApple Computer released a work-in-progress version of its new operating system -- Mac OS X -- which had Macintosh addicts and computer-industry analysts buzzing. The beta software, publicly available from Apple's Web site for $29.95, is the first ...What students of the New York accent now categorize as ''first-stage Slurvian'' was reported in the 1938 Federal Writers Project ''Almanac for New Yorkers.'' An example given was onnafyah.    The definition of onnafyah, as consumers of hurried mea...William Safire On Language column on second-stage New York City 'Slurvians'--phrases that gain separate sense when deliberately slurred--such as fuggedaboudit and gedaddaheeuh, differences between Brooklyn, Manhattan and Bronx dialects and controversy over who coined term 'Big Apple' (M)  Directed by John Hancock   Not rated; 106 minutes      Warning signs for urban audiences ought to be posted at theaters playing ''A Piece of Eden'': ''Danger! You are entering an irony-free zone.''  Dave Kehr reviews movie A Piece of Eden, directed by John Hancock; photo (S)INTERNATIONAL   A3-14    Fuel Protests Slow Britain, As Blair Appeals for an End  Prime Minister Tony Blair called on protesters angered by high fuel taxes to lift their virtual siege of oil refineries and storage depots, saying their actions were...Was that the Horse of the Year flying through the homestretch at Belmont Park yesterday to wrest the Woodward from Behrens by the length of his head?    Whatever honors may be waiting, it was Lemon Drop Kid winning his fourth straight stakes and h...Lemon Drop Kid wins Woodward Stakes at Belmont Park; photo (M)"