b"Owners of the Apple PowerBook 5300 and 190 models can trade in their old computers for a significant discount on one of the company's 400-megahertz G3 laptops if they act quickly. From now until Aug. 31, Apple is offering $700 off the price of a n...Owners of Apple PowerBook 5300 and 190 models can trade in their old computers for $700 discount on one of company's 400-megahertz G3 laptops, which sell for $2,499; offer is good until Aug 31 (S)WHEN the subject is Macintosh, love often turns to obsession. Such is the case for a small group of Apple aficionados who have decided that the one true Macintosh is the Color Classic.    As the last toaster-size Mac, the Color Classic followed th...Japan's die-hard Mac traditionalists are keeping Apple Computer's Color Classic alive, even though model was discontinued in 1995; they have formed club to act as clearinghouse for information on how to upgrade Color Classic using spare parts taken from later machines; photos (M)To the Editor:    Jonathan Kalb's article about Robert Wilson [''Robert Wilson's 21st-Century Academy,'' Aug. 13] reports that he was once asked by Sibyl Moholy-Nagy to design a city in three minutes, whereupon he drew an apple with a crystal cube...Geoff Nicholson letter on August 13 article questions what Sibyl Moholy-Nagy's reaction to city designed by Robert Wilson in three minutes (S)MUSCHEL-Chaim. Young Israel of Harrison mourns the passing of Chaim Muschel, beloved father of its devoted Rebbitzin, Faygie Bienenfeld (and Rabbi Yaakov Bienenfeld), and extends heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family. Shiva, ending at 3 P.M...TONY BENNETT certainly lives the good life. And he is about to share some of his sweet fortune with his former hometown of Englewood.    The dapper crooner and his youngest son, Daegal, known as Dae, are in the process of building a state-of-the-a...Article on plan by singer Tony Bennett and son, Daegal, to convert old train depot in Englewood, NJ, to state-of-the-art music, television, cable and Internet production studio; photo; drawing (M)WHAT a difference two weeks can make in a restaurant's development, as we discovered at Beacon Stamford, a new restaurant on the water in Stamford. Our first visit was not encouraging. Exhausting waits between courses, dishes that didn't match men...Patricia Brooks reviews Beacon Stamford restaurant in Stamford, Conn (M)As she came out of the final turn, Beautiful Pleasure swung wide, awfully wide, enough to allow her rival Heritage of Gold an opening to run her down for the third time this year. More was at stake today than the Personal Ensign Handicap at Sarato...Beautiful Pleasure wins Personal Ensign Handicap at Saratoga Race Track (M)NEW YORK    MANHATTAN: MEETING CLOSED TO SOME  The police kept two dozen Bronx residents from attending a meeting of the City Council's land use committee yesterday. The officers feared the residents were about to enter City Hall to begin a demons...(Editors' choices of other recent books of particular interest)    A PLACE IN THE COUNTRY, by Laura Shaine Cunningham. (Riverhead, $24.95.) Years of fruitless wishing for the great good place finally paid off for the author with a gracious old hou...I WAS drunk the first time I danced flamenco, which helped considerably. It was 15 years ago, and I had recently arrived in southern Spain, one of 30 or so American college girls well primed for the modest adventure of a junior year abroad. It was...Lisa Anne Abend travel essay recalls her college junior year in Spain when she met young Spaniard and learned gestures but not attitude of flamenco dancing; drawing (M)"