b"The Beatles never got back together, but four members of the original Apple Macintosh team are regrouping. And they mean to take the best of the quirky Apple computer and move it to the world of Linux software.    Andy Hertzfeld, Mike Boich, Susan...Four members of original Apple Macintosh team--Andy Hertzfeld, Mike Boich, Susan Kare, Guy Tribble--have regrouped with goal of transforming Linux operating system into direct competitor to Microsoft's Windows; plan to take some of best ideas on computer ease of use and blend them into new visual desktop interface for Linux; photo; diagram (M)This is a city without a historic core, a city in constant evolution -- a Deep South version, you might say, of Los Angeles.    It has a past, of course, a real one as well as the one that Margaret Mitchell so vividly imagined in ''Gone With the W...R W Apple Jr On the Road article about travel attractions of Atlanta; photos; map; suggested destinations (M)Eventually, the quest for presidential nominations comes down to delegates. Numbers start counting for more than buzz, bump and momentum.    For Senator John McCain, eventually is just around the corner.  Sen JohncMichigan, which in years past has given surprising boosts to candidates as diverse as Pat Robertson, Jesse Jackson and George C. Wallace, sprang another upset on Tuesday, and in doing so gave the Republicans reason to worry about their prospects i...Analysis of results in Michigan's presidential primary; results put new wind in sails of Sen John McCainand gave Republicans reason to worry about their prospects in November; chart (M)This road is nothing but bumps.    New Hampshire knocked Gov. George W. Bush's bandwagon off the highway. Then, last Saturday, South Carolina derailed Senator John McCain's Straight Talk Express.  Today, after a meager two-day campaign, Mr. Bush h...News analysis of Sen John McCain's victories over Gov George W Bush in Michigan and Arizona Republican presidential primaries; Bush must still be counted on as man to beat because he has more money, more prominent backers, two powerful geographic bases in Florida and Texas and ability to beat McCain handily among Republicans; McCain can entertain legitimate hopes of rekindling widespread enthusiasm he generated in campaign's early weeks, but must worry about uncomfortable degree to which his advantage depended on Democrats and independents; charts; map (M)On the morning after a sobering defeat in South Carolina, Senator John McCain of Arizona complained bitterly that his rival, Gov. George W. Bush of Texas, had been swept to victory on a tide of misleading commercials.    Mr. Bush, the senator said...Survey of voters in South Carolina's Republican presidential primary finds that Gov George Bush succeeded in raising doubts about Sen John McCain's sincerity, his conservatism, his credentials as a reformer and his capacity to beat the Democratic nominee in November; says Bush also rallied avowedly conservative voters to his side in South Carolina, where they are are bigger segment of electorate than in New Hampshire; table (M)INFORMATION, as the saying goes, wants to be free. In this spirit, a growing number of Internet service providers have begun offering completely free Internet access: no monthly charges and no start-up fees.     Companies like NetZero, World Spy, ...Gerowing number of companies like NetZero, World Spy and Freei.net are now allowing anyone with perconal computer and modem to browse Web at no charge, and, through aggressive advertising campaigns, aim to lure Web users from fee-based services like America Online and Earthlink; evidence that trend is accelerating is evidenced by established Web names Alta Vista and Juno joining their ranks last January; free access has been slower to catch on in the United States compared to other countries, such as Britain; industry analyst predicts 13 percent of Net users will gain access via free providers by 2003--healthy amount, but not likely enough to scare AOL; brief description of some free Web providers and their site addresses (M)The Help Desk just got a little help: a new series of desktop PC's that are smaller and simpler. Announced earlier this week, Hewlett-Packard's new e-Vectra computer is about the size of a hard-cover dictionary, about 75 percent smaller than the a...Hewlett-Packard's introduces new series of smaller and simpler desktop PC's, called e-Vectra; new computer is aimed at business market but is also designed to appeal to home users; price of low-end model starts at about $549; photo (S)IT'S difficult to find a year that was not interesting for Jim Warren, but 1977 was as interesting a year as any.    That was when his commune broke up because everyone got married, and the year  he accidentally made a fortune.  Profile of Jim Warren, who is credited as one of first people to propose that technology could foster truly educated citizenry; in 1977 Warren put together a computer fair in San Francisco Civic Arena, venture he hoped would break even financially; 13,000 people showed up for West Coast Computer Faire, which turned substantial profit from first day; Warren later sold fair to Prentice-Hall publishing company for $3 million; his views on need for government to use Internet to get information to public discussed; Graeme Browing, author of Electronic Democracy: Using the Internet to Influence American Politics, calls Warren 'grandfather of it all' who developed concept long before Web sites ever thought of it; Warren photo (M)To the Editor:      My office desk faces the south side of the MetLife Building and on many days, while staring intently at my PC screen, a soaring friend will catch my eye (''A Comeback Bird Thrives''). The neighborhood beasts, the peregrine falc...Tim Hanley letter notes that from his office he can observe peregrine falcons perched on south side of MetLife Building"