b"Family Golf Executives Tender Their Resignations      The two top executives of Family Golf Centers (OTC: FGCIQ.OB) -- Dominic Chang, its founder, and Krishnan Thampi, its president -- have tendered their resignations and announced they would clai...Dominic Chang and Krishnan Thampi resign as executives of Family Golf Centers, which filed for bankruptcy in May...Red Apple Group offers to buy Getty Petroleum Marketing...Atec Group reports decline of revenues and gross profits in first quarter (M)The pendulum of legal and political advantage swung sharply to Gov. George W. Bush today, then not quite fully back to Vice President Al Gore.    After another day of court decisions, another day of competing news conferences, another day of hasty...R W Apple Jr analysis of legal wrangling in Florida over disputed presidential ballots (M)Having given only occasional lip service to the need for national unity, each side in the struggle in Florida demonizes the other every single day.    If Vice President Al Gore wins the presidency, the Republicans say, he will do so because unclea...R W Apple Jr analysis concludes that whoever wins presidential election, the mean-spirited emotions raised by the counting and certifying of votes in Florida will insure widespread doubts about his legitimacy as president; photo (M)Vice President Al Gore and Gov. George W. Bush vied tonight for the political and public-relations initiative, as surely as they did in their three debates during the presidential campaign.    By offering to meet not once but twice with his rival,...Analysis of political and public-relations initiatives of Bush and Gore teams; Vice Pres Al Gore scored momentary success by offering to meet not once but twice with Gov George W Bush, and by proposing to impose rules on battle for power in Florida; Bush is caught by surprise, but he is offered lifeline when Florida's secretary of state Katherine Harris announces her rejection of further recounts; Bush then appears on television to claim he is acting in keeping with deadlines specified in Florida law; Bush, belying his reputation as being poor speaker, gives every bit as polished an account of himself as Gore had; latest developments could be only first round in effort to reach agreement on endgame,; senior advisers to both candidates wonder how long American public's remarkable patience will hold out (M)The English writer Aldous Huxley would have understood precisely what is taking place in Florida. He could very well have been talking about the struggle there when he wrote, ''Idealism is the noble toga political gentlemen draw over their will to...News analysis: despite expressions by Gore and Bush campaigns that concerns over voting irregularities in Florida are high-minded and straightforward, their 'every waking though and action' is devoted only to winning (M)BACK in the Olden Days, which were the 1970's for me, the holiday season officially began on Thanksgiving afternoon, when we would gather around the hearth, er, television set, and the old commercial of Santa sliding over the snow on a Norelco ele...State of the Art column appraises variety of computer systems now on market; drawing; photos (L)BECKY BREWER never used the Sharp Wizard electronic organizer she bought in 1999, yet in August she spent $250 for a more elaborate  hand-held device, a Handspring Visor Deluxe.    ''I thought the new look and feel would help me organize my life,'...Consumers who purchase latest high-tech toys are marketer's dream; frequently, these consumers do not need gadgets or know how to use them, but they feel driven to buy latest high-tech gizmos (M)  U.S. v. MICROSOFT   By Joel Brinkley and Steve Lohr.   McGraw-Hill, $24.95.  Allen D Boyer reviews book US v Microsoft by Joel Brinkley and Steve Lohr (S)It's apparently not enough that Windows runs about 90 percent of the world's laptop and desktop computers. Microsoft now wants to capture a market that does not yet exist: tablet PC's.    In a keynote speech that opened the annual Comdex computer ...Microsoft Corp's chairman, William H Gates, in keynote speech at annual Comdex computer show, describes new class of PC, which company is encouraging computer makers to adopt; he displays working prototype of tablet PC, which resembles cross between iMac and clipboard; drawing (M)"