b"Apple Computer said today that its fourth-quarter earnings would fall far below analysts' estimates because of weak September sales, an announcement that sent the company's shares plunging in after-hours trading.    ''We've clearly hit a speed bum...Apple Computer says its fourth-quarter earnings will fall far below analysts' estimates because of weak September sales; Apple shares, which closed at $53.50, up $4.56 on Nasdaq trading, drop as low as $28.25 in after-hours trading (M)Vancouver, British Columbia, is nearly 3,000 miles northwest of New York City. A sampling of attractions, along with travel information, with prices in United States dollars ($1 equals $1.49 Canadian):    Where to Stay    FOUR SEASONS, 791 West Ge...Stocks closed a shaky third quarter shakily yesterday, as negative earnings warnings from Apple Computer and United Airlines pulled down a wide swath of companies.    The profit warnings from Apple and the UAL Corporation, the parent of United, we...Dow Jones industrial average drops 173.14 points, or 1.6 percent, to 10,650.92; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index loses 21.78, or 1.5 percent, to 1,436.51; Nasdaq composite index falls 105.20, or 2.8 percent, to 3,672.82; for third quarter, Nasdaq fell 7.4 percent and S&P 500 was down 1.2 percent, while Dow rose 1.9 percent; graph; charts (M)Last Feb. 22, Gov. George W. Bush lost the Michigan Republican primary to Senator John McCain of Arizona, thanks to a notably poor showing among independents, moderates and women.    Seven months later, in this same pivotal Great Lakes state, he i...Battlegrounds, series on Presidential election of 2000, focuses on Michigan, where race is close and where Gov George W Bush and Vice Pres Al Gore have traded lead in polls over last few months; Bush, arriving in state for campaign swing, seeks ways to ratchet his campaign up; prominent Republicans in state are offering their advice on how he could cut into Gore's union support; although latest polls show Gore ahead by seven points, interviews with voters suggest he has been damaged by tendency to exaggerate or even to fabricate; maps; charts (L)Conspire to arrive by ship. Like Naples, like New York and Cape Town, Vancouver looks its best from the water, its shiny glass towers rising like Xanadu against a backdrop of indigo peaks whose foothills dip their toes in the harbor.    Jan Morris...R W Apple Jr On the Road article on Vancouver; explores delights of clean leafy city with tang of the sea, glorious setting, temperate climate, very little crime, and cosmopolitan pleasures of food and art; photos; map (M)After almost 14 years in office, more than any other governor in the state's history, Tommy G. Thompson bestrides Wisconsin politics like a colossus. He has built a national reputation as a reformer and innovator, and this summer he headed the com...Political pros in both parties say presidential race is breathlessly close in Wisconsin and that state is tossup; like several other Great Lakes states, it is one of year's main presidential battlegrounds although somewhat smaller than most, with only 11 electoral votes; recent private polls show inconclusive edge for Vice Pres Al Gore, while others show race even; politically quirky state is hard to read since it is full of ticket splitters and independents; produced both LaFollettes, great clan of progressive reformers, and Sen Joseph R McCarthy; its senators, Russell D Feingold and Herb Kohl, are both Democrats who take offbeat positions on some issues and work closely with Republicans; Ross Perot pulled 16 percent of Wisconsin vote in 1992; maps; photo (M)COMPUTERS have driven this economy to the longest expansion ever. Computer stocks have racked up some of the biggest gains of the bull market.    But all good things must end someday, and the signs are growing that the end may be here. September h...Floyd Norris comment on apparent slowdown in computer industry and its impact on US economy; says slower growth for computers does not spell doom for economy, or companies involved, but it does call into question high multiples that computer stocks have come to enjoy; graph (M)DYSON-Dr. Anne E. The Board of Directors, performers and staff of the Big Apple Circus mourn the passing of Dr. Anne E. Dyson, friend, colleague and inspiration. Over the last decade the Big Apple Circus and the Big Apple Circus Clown Care Unit (C...Investors hope that it's over now -- the punishing string of earnings warnings that has relentlessly pushed down stocks, especially the high-wire technology stocks. Apple, Intel, Sprint, Eastman Kodak, UAL and a host of other big names announced t...Dow Jones industrial average falls 5 percent for September, Nasdaq composite index falls 12.7 percent and Standard & Poor's 500-stock index drops 5.4 percent; graphs; charts (M)Apple Warns on Earnings, And Stock Falls After Hours  Apple Computer said that its fourth-quarter earnings would fall far below estimates because of weak September sales. Earnings will be 30 cents to 33 cents a share in the quarter, below analysts..."