b"In this lesson, students explore how setting impacts a work of literature by &#8216;modernizing&#8217; scenes from &#8216;Hamlet.&#8217;In this lesson, students explore how setting impacts a work of literature by &#8216;modernizing&#8217; scenes from &#8216;Hamlet.&#8217;In this lesson, students explore how setting impacts a work of literature by 'modernizing' scenes from 'Hamlet.'In this lesson, students explore how setting impacts a work of literature by 'modernizing' scenes from 'Hamlet.'The legal protest that Microsoft filed yesterday in reply to the government's plan to break up the company is an essay of grim futurism.    Microsoft calls the government plan a ''draconian'' and ''speculative'' proposal that would bring ''uncerta...Analysis of Microsoft Corp's alternative to Justice Department's plan to split up company; says Microsoft's legal protest is essay of grim futurism; holds apocalytic passages seem intended to warn Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson that splitting up Microsoft would be dangerous gamble to take with company that is pillar of nation's high-technology economy; chart; photo (M)While continuing to reject the antitrust findings against it, the Microsoft Corporation today offered a series of narrow restrictions on its behavior that it said would be more appropriate remedies than breaking up the company.     Microsoft also ...Microsoft Corp offers series of narrow restrictions on its behavior that it says would be more appropriate remedies than breaking up company; continues to reject antitrust findings against it; Microsoft's counterproposal is four-year plan largely governing its relations with computer makers and software developers; company also asks judge to throw out government's breakup proposal immediately; Microsoft argues that since company achieved its monopoly position by legal means, government has no right to 'dismember' company; photo; chart with Microsoft's arguments against government's breakup proposal (M)Q. When one of the Mets hits a home run, television cameras zoom in on the giant red apple that rises, flashing, from the upside-down top hat by the scoreboard in center field. Did it have a previous life as a parade float or theatrical prop?    A...FYI column answers questions about upside-down top hat at Shea Stadium that signals home runs, subway cars market with strange route designations and retail district in Lower Manhattan that consisted only of pet shops and pet supply stores; drawings (M)Following are excerpts from documents filed yesterday in Federal District Court in Washington by the Microsoft Corporation in response to last month's proposal by the government to split the company in two:    MICROSOFT'S MEMORANDUM IN SUPPORT OF ...Excerpts from documents filed in Federal District Court in Washington by Microsoft Corp in response to proposal by government to split company in twoI AM probably the only recent visitor to Nashville who did not come for the music. Instead, my focus was the newly energized dining scene in this melodic city of impassioned hopes and unfulfilled dreams.    Fine dining has been slow to take root h...Bryan Miller reviews some of Nashville's interesting restaurants; photos (M)The sun was still setting in the window of Sardi's. A couple of cabbies cruised the empty dusk of 46th Street. And the suburban burghers hadn't yet filled the saloons of Broadway with their pretheater gas-baggery. In other words, it was a perfect ...Scene described at T J Keane's, Irish pub in heart of Manhattan's theater district favored by stagehands; photo (M)IT'S possible to whiz along Mineola Boulevard and not notice that the large stucco building with the wrought-iron gates, brick-trimmed entrance and circular windows that was Little Portugal is now Heart of Portugal. The Mineola spot has experience...Richard Jay Scholem reviews Heart of Portugal restaurant in Mineola, Long Island (A La Carte column) (M)MY FIRST GARDEN   Written and illustrated   by Tomek Bogacki.   Unpaged. New York:   Frances Foster Books/   Farrar, Straus & Giroux. $16.   (Ages 5 and up)     A GARDENER'S ALPHABET   Written and illustrated   by Mary Azarian.   Unpaged. Boston: ...Laura Simon reviews following children's books: My First Garden by Tomek Bogacki; A Gardener's Alphabet by Mary Azarian; and Round the Garden by Omri Glaser; drawing (M)"