b"Juli Inkster's biggest decision today, like that of many parents, was what to do with her two young daughters on a rainy afternoon in the metropolitan area.    Inkster, the winner of three major championships over the past 19 months, had plenty of...Third round of Big Apple Classic golf tournament is postponed by rain, allowing Juli Inkster to spend day with her children; Inkster trails second-round leader Allison Finney by 10 strokes; photo (M)Six years later, Kim Williams still cannot avoid the questions. It does not matter if she plays an excellent round of golf, as she did today in the first round of the Japan Airlines Big Apple Classic. She always has to answer questions about being...Kim Williams shares lead with Rosie Jones and Allison Finney after first round of Japan Airlines Big Apple Classic (S)Annika Sorenstam is precisely where she wants to be going into next week's women's United States Open, which she has won twice in the last five years. After winning only twice last season following 10 victories in the previous two years, Sorenstam...Allison Finney leads after second round of Japan Airlines Big Apple Classic golf tournament; photo (M)THE word ''bistro'' is used as promiscuously in Paris as the word ''deli'' is used in New York.     There are Greek bistros, Chinese bistros, Mexican bistros, cafes that call themselves bistros and steak-frites joints that call themselves bistros....R W Apple Jr article on four of his favorite bistros in Paris--Benoit, Chez George, La Grille and L'Ami Louis--and several others worth visiting; photos (M)AIRPORTS require certain survival skills under any circumstances, what with summer crowds, delayed flights, overpriced and stale food, lost baggage, overhead bins crammed with holiday loot and the dreaded 300-pound, perspiring tourist with a duffl...Peter H Lewis column offers tips for people who want to want to travel with their laptops; cartoon (M)Karrie Webb and eight other L.P.G.A. players took part yesterday in the first Karrie Webb celebrity pro-am at Manhattan Woods Golf Club in West Nyack, N.Y., to benefit the Christopher Reeve Paralysis Foundation.     Webb initiated the event becaus...Karrie Webb and eight other LPGA players take part in first Karrie Webb celebrity pro-am at Manhattan Woods Golf Club, West Nyack, NY, to benefit Christopher Reeve Paralysis Foundation (M)The MetroStars rallied from a two-goal deficit last night for a 4-2 victory over the Long Island Rough Riders, their affiliate in the A-League. The annual exhibition was played at EAB Field in East Islip, N.Y.     The Rough Riders took a 2-0 lead ...MetroStars defeat their A-League affiliate, 4-2, in exhibition game (S)1This week La Caravelle, the three-star Manhattan restaurant, bought '99 Muga white Rioja to sell by the glass, a tipoff that the producer has fielded a winner.    Bodegas Muga, in the Rioja Alta region, is one of Spain's few traditionalists still ...Howard Goldberg reviews 1999 Muga white Rioja wine from Rioja Alta region of Spain and 1999 Borsao red; photo (M)If you're looking for inexpensive summer wines on the expensive South Fork, check out three at Duck Walk Vineyards.    The sprawling winery, on the Montauk Highway in Water Mill, features a trio that, suitably, are named Windmill White, Windmill B...Howard Goldberg reviews inexpensive summer wines from Duck Walk Vineyards in Peconic, Long Island; photo (M)Prince Tomislav Karadjordjevic, the brother of Yugoslavia's last king and, until the birth of his nephew, next in line to the throne, died on Wednesday in his ancestral home 40 miles north of Belgrade. He was 72.    The cause of death was cancer....Yugoslavian Prince Tomislav Karadjordjevic dies at age 40 in his ancestral home; photo (M)"