b"The Appellate Division of State Supreme Court ruled yesterday that an embattled New York tour company's buses should be temporarily banned from city streets. The ban will last until a judge decides whether to permanently revoke the company's licen...Appellate Division of State Supreme Court rules that an embattled New York Apple Tour's buses should be temporarily banned from city streets; ban will last until judge decides whether to permanently revoke company's license; Apple Tours plans to appeal, but for now its red double-decker buses will be pulled from street; Apple Tours, in its nine years of operation, has had hundreds of regulatory and safety violations; in May, an Apple driver without bus operator's license struck and killed 71-year-old pedestrian, Randolph Walker, in midtown (M)Critics of the Food and Drug Administration have argued that the agency has been allowing drugs to be rushed into use since a 1992 law enabled speedier reviews. A case in point is that of Odell Buggs, a 28-year-old counselor who suffered a stroke ...R W Apple Jr analysis says Gov George W Bush will have only a shaky platform from which to begin his presidency, given the narrowness of his victory in Florida, the Electoral College and US Supreme Court; says it will require immense skill to remove the questions about Bush's legitimacy that are left hanging by court's failure to speak with the kind of clarion political voice that much of the nation hoped for (M)Whatever else it did tonight, the Supreme Court failed to speak with the kind of clarion political voice about the vexed 2000 presidential election that much of the nation had hoped for.    If, as seems sure, Gov. George W. Bush has won, he has wo...The victor and the vanquished turned this evening to the arduous task of mending a body politic riven by the painful presidential election of 2000.    As the two nominees -- first Vice President Al Gore and then Gov. George W. Bush of Texas, now t...News Analysis: Vice Pres Al Gore and then Gov George W Bush appear on television, turning to arduous task of mending body politic riven by their painful presidential election; both Gore and Bush appeal to nation for measure of unity; Supreme Court's muddled, if decisive, ruling has given Bush his long-sought victory, yet denied him clear, unclouded title to Oval Office; Gore, in his speech, seeks to remedy this by buttressing confidence in rule of law; says, without trace of rancor, 'I accept finality,' and he pledges to put himself at Bush's disposal; Bush, in his speech, salutes his defeated rival and promises to change tone of Washington by emphasizing consensus, not confrontation; photo (M)To the Editor:    Michelle Slatalla's article ''EBay, a Site for the Lost and Found'' (Online Shopper, Dec. 7) points out some of the problems users can run into when searching for an item on the site. When items are mislisted (e.g., the Apple ''e...Mike Miles letter on Michelle Slatalla's Dec 7 article on problems users can run into searching for items on eBayCYBERSPACE didn't turn out quite as advertised.    Not that I'm complaining. I spend hours a day online, whether grabbing the news and mail, doing research, becoming involved in discussions, or simply wandering in the ether. But nothing I've encou...John Schwartz 'New Economy' column on how science fiction has been role model for Internet world; focuses on writings by authors William Gibson, Neal Stephenson and M C Escher; drawing (M)In another sign of weakness in the personal computer business, Compaq Computer said today that its sales and profits in the fourth quarter would be lower than expected.    Compaq said it would post sales of $11.2 billion to $11.4 billion, up 7 per...Compaq Computer says it will post sales of $11.2 billion to $11.4 billion, up 7 percent from year ago, but nearly 10 percent below its earlier expectations (M)KUDESH-Stephen Bernard. Age 56. Of Edison. Died Thursday, December 14, 2000, at St. Peter's Medical Center, New Brunswick. Born January 19, 1944, in Queens, NY. Resided in Bayside, Queens, then Kew Gardens, before moving to Edison 25 years ago. Pa...I HAD a major obstacle to overcome before I was ready to visit this appealing new restaurant in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn. It was the name. Why on earth would I want to go to a place called Chez Goo Goo, a name that brought to mind eith...Eric Asimov reviews Chez Goo Goo, restaurant in Williamsburg section of Brooklyn ($25 and Under) (M)It takes perseverance to reach the dining room at Olives. Young merry-makers have colonized the lounge of the W Union Square Hotel, but the clusters of sofas and settees are only the outer perimeter. Next the bar must be negotiated. It's an open q...William Grimes Diner's Journal review of Olives restaurant at W Union Square Hotel; photo (M)"