b"The mythic Honolulu of grass skirts and towering palms has been familiar to Americans for generations.    In 1866 Mark Twain came here as a correspondent for The Sacramento Union, extolling the beauty of ''the dusky native women'' in his dispatche...R W Apple Jr On the Road article on Honolulu, its history and its natural attractions as well as its problems; photos; map (Last of 40 articles on US and Canadian cities) (L)Honolulu is about 5,200 miles west of New York City. A sampling of attractions, along with travel information:    Where to Stay    HALEKULANI, 2199 Kalia Road, (808) 923-2311. This is the premier hotel in the islands and one of the half-dozen fine...The primordial duel between Paris and New York for international pre-eminence has never been a battle of the circuses. That's because a dozen one-ring circuses have long been an ornament of the holiday season in Paris, while New York has had but o...New Yorkers flock to see three major one-ring circuses that have won critical raves this holiday season; vying for attention are home-grown Big Apple Circus at Lincoln Center, Barnum's Kaleidoscape in Bryant Park and Circus Oz, spiky show from Australia at New Victory Theater; photos; Kenneth Feld of Ringling Brothers, which created Kaleidoscape 14 months ago, notes different styles of three productions; New York still has some way to go before matching long tradition in Paris, where 14 circuses are playing (M)To the Editor:    The holiday season began when I finished R. W. Apple Jr.'s paean to the goose (''Still Golden After All These Years,'' Dec. 20). At least once a year our Czech family enjoys a roast goose with all the trimmings. The most deliciou...Joe Rychetnik letter on R W Apple's paean (Dec 20) to roast gooseONCE the martini came to monopolize cocktail parties, the cocktail pick could not be far behind. These elegant little forks are the trendiest accessory of the season, as practical as they are pretty. They're meant for spearing olives or other tidb...Comment on some cocktail picks, vintage, trendy and whimsical; photo (S)MIDWAY through the dessert list at Hudson Cafeteria, one encounters the following: Cherry Coke Jell-O. It has a certain ring to it. Cherry Coke stirs powerful childhood taste memories in many Americans, especially those old enough to remember when...William Grimes reviews Hudson Cafeteria on West 58th Street; photo (M)In recent days, Smithson Smith's co-workers made jokes at his expense, citing his uncanny resemblance to a widely publicized wanted poster that showed a bank robber calmly strolling out of a nearby Midtown branch.    They laughed, warning Mr. Smit...Smithson Smith is charged in 5 bank robberies and is suspect in 13 others committed near his Manhattan office, where he works as computer operations supervisor, and his Brooklyn home; allegedly has passed threatening notes to tellers and made off with over $73,000 since Aug 1998; photo (M)The kids stole the show at the Joyce Theater on Thursday night, when the Kids Dance junior component of Eliot Feld's Ballet Tech performed Mr. Feld's ''Apple Pie.''    Danced to rollicking bluegrass music by Bela Fleck and Joe McCracken, this 1999...Jennifer Dunning reviews performance by Eliot Feld's Ballet Tech; photo (S)PETER THEVENOT, nurseryman and arborphile, calls himself ''a gnarly-bark guy.'' On a Saturday morning last October, he steered his pickup truck toward a lichen-covered river birch near the bank of Big Sewee Creek, which joins the Tennessee River o...Peter Thevenot of River Road Farms, nursery in Decatur, Tenn, keeps alive art of espalier, ancient and all but forgotten art of training fruit and ornamental trees to grow flat against a wall or fence, sometimes forming extravagant architectural shapes; photo (M)If an apple a day keeps the doctor away, will a California roll a day keep the dentist at bay? Probably not. But there is a claim that certain compounds found in wasabi, the piquant green horseradish that accompanies sushi and sashimi, can kill th...Wasabi, sinus-clearing accompaniment to sushi and sashimi, may contain compounds that help fight tooth decay; but so far work has been done only in test tubes; photo (M)"