b"THE SETTING -- A quiet corner of a busy harbor, just south of Governors Island. On Monday, 30 intrepid souls plunged into the murky waters there, not only to escape the heat but also to make an ecopolitical point. The Swim-In, organized by the Wor...Scene just south of New York City's Governors Island described as Working Waterfront Assn and Swim the Apple stage Swim-In to prove that harbor is healthy and to promote building of swimming beach on island; photo (M)To the Editor:     In reading R. W. Apple's article on the enduring appeal of Worcestershire sauce, I am reminded of a story told by a newsman who was interviewing Joy Adamson's husband in Kenya, soon after the famous author of ''Born Free'' had f...Nancy G Cortner letter recalls husband of Joy Adamson who reacted to her leaving by saying that nothing was irreplaceable to him except his Lea & Perrins Worcestershire sauce and his Boodles gin (S)For Richard Li, the 30-something tycoon whose deal-making has riveted Hong Kong, Act I ended today.    Minority shareholders of Cable and Wireless HKT voted overwhelmingly to be acquired by Mr. Li's Internet company, Pacific Century Cyberworks. Th...Minority shareholders of Cable and Wireless HKT vote overwhelmingly for acquisition of Hong Kong telephone company by Richard Li's Pacific Century Cyberworks; photo (M)THE first thing one needs to know about upgrading to the new Windows Millennium Edition operating system -- besides the fact that PC makers plan to offer it on new home computers this summer and that Microsoft will make it available as an upgrade ...Peter H Lewis column says Windows Millennium Edition operating system is an interesting but hardly crucial upgrade for Windows 98; says that if it is factory-installed on a new computer, it will make the computer faster to boot up, more reliable, easier to connect to other computers and to Internet and much more entertaining and versatile in areas of music and video; drawing (M)GEORGE ORWELL expected Soviet-style Communism to perfect the notion of a society monitored by an all-seeing ''big brother,'' but he did not realize that it would take capitalism to come up with the most efficient way for millions of people to be n...Making Big Brother, CBS program that uses cameras and microphones to track 10 people through every hour of the day in the house they will live in for three months, is an extraordinary technical and legistical challenge; photos; drawing (M)SUNNYVALE  The Rise and Fall of a Silicon Valley Family  By Jeff Goodell  252 pages. Villard. $24.95.      In his perceptive memoir of growing up in a household that was postnuclear with a vengeance, Jeff Goodell refers to ''my train wreck of a fa...Janet Maslin reviews Sunnyvale: The Rise and Fall of a Silicon Valley Family by Jeff Goodell; photo (M)KABAK-Irwin, on Thursday July 6, 2000 of Edison, New Jersey. Beloved husband of the late Gertrude. Devoted father of Michele Weisman and Cindy Weissman. Devoted brother of Bertram. Cherished grandfather of Arielle, Margot, Derek, Alana, and Elizab...ONE of my favorite Indian dishes is a cold salad that goes by the piquant name of chicken chat. I rarely see it on menus, and a good version of it is even rarer. But Royal Kabab and Curry, an unassuming restaurant near Morningside Heights, has per...Eric Asimov To Go column recommends chicken chat, cold salad dish from Royal Kabob and Curry on Manhattan's Upper West Side; photo (S)I WENT to Colonial Williamsburg not long ago. It was Garden Week in Virginia, and, like thousands of my fellow enthusiasts, I was eager to see some of the extraordinary private gardens that were open for the festivities. I also wanted to find out ...Elisabeth Ginsburg In the Garden column on lessons gardeners can learn from visit to historic gardens in Colonial Williamsburg, Va; drawing (M)The digging is over at March, which closed on Easter and reopened last week at twice the size. Most of the new space has gone to the staff. Diners won't see it, but the kitchen and the storage areas are a lot bigger. What they will see, after walk...William Grimes Diner's Journal review of March, which has reopened after expansion and renovation; photo (S)"