b"To a gigahertz and beyond.     That could be the thematic call to action at the International Solid State Circuits Conference opening here on Monday.  International Solid State Circuits Conference in San Francisco attracts microprocessor manufacturers and semiconductor engineers; Intel Corp and IBM will present papers describing complete microprocessors that operate at one gigahertz (billion times a second) speed; demands of Internet and electronic commerce ensure voracious market for all the speed and performance chip makers can deliver; first bit market for gigahertz processors will likely be Web servers; now that gigahertz barrier has been passed, it will probably be surpassed quickly (M)THE dining demands of this city's burgeoning artistic community seem to keep an increasing number of diverse eating spots bustling, particularly on weekends. And Division Street is claiming its share. One of the cheeriest restaurants on the street...M H Reed reviews Susan's Restaurant in Peekskill, NY (M)27 STANDARD  ** [Rating: Two Stars]  (212) 576-2232; 116 East 27th Street, between Park and Lexington Avenues; $$$; smoking at the bar and lounge and in smoking section; all major credit cards.      The huge dining room is spare and comfortable, f...Excerpts of previously published reviews of restauants in East 20's, Manhattan (Good Eating column) (M)WHILE we were seated in Vuli, a restaurant on the 17th floor of the Stamford Marriott, and watching the room revolve almost imperceptibly, we were reminded of Calvin Trillin's comment that he never eats ''in a restaurant that's over a hundred feet...Patricia Brooks reviews Vuli restaurant atop Marriott Hotel in Stamford, Conn (M)IN Paris, a wine bar is a specific type of informal, convivial restaurant, somewhere between a cafe and a bistro, a hangout where wine is not invested with great importance but is always present. Satisfying food is a crucial component, too. It may...Eric Asimov reviews Bandol, Manhattan restaurant (M)THE initial public offering of Palm Inc., scheduled for Feb. 28, promises to be the next hot deal unavailable to most individual investors. But there's a twist. Because Palm is being spun out of the 3Com Corporation, which will still own 80 percen...Even though February 28 initial public offering of Palm Inc will be unavailable to most public investors, those who buy shares in parent 3Com Corp could end up owning Palm stock and sharing in potentil upside since Palm is being spun off and 3Com will still own 80 percent of company after offering; graph; photo (M)F. Scott Fitzgerald said ''there are no second acts in American lives.'' But he never heard of the new Volkswagen Beetle or the Apple iMac -- to say nothing of the comebacks of entertainers like Cher and Tony Bennett.    Today, second acts are as ...Long-established brand names have produced new advertising that tries to recast their brand names as hip and contemporary; whether it is by creating new image, new package or new product benefit, brand names are finding it necessary to update their acts in bid to keep up with rapid changes in American society and economy; some new advertising campaigns by Maxwell House coffee, American Greeting cards, Volvo cars, New York Stock Exchange and US Navy discussed; photos (M)I COULDN'T believe my eyes last spring, when a bluebird flew out of a walnut tree on our farm in Maryland. But that iridescent blue is unmistakable. The color of blue, blue sky, with a sheen like water.    It was a joyful sign, because native blue...Bluebirds have been taken off New York State's 'special concern' list, after being in decline since 1930's; bluebird is New York's state bird; directions for building bluebird box; photos (M)In what is nearly a mirror image of the two-year-old trans-Atlantic legal battle over the ownership of an Egon Schiele painting that had been lent to the Museum of Modern Art, a German court has issued an injunction seeking to bar the return of a ...German court issues injunction to bar return to Museum of Modern Art of Oskar Schlemmer's 1932 painting, Bauhaus Staircase; Schlemmer family asserts that it owns painting or is owed money for it; painting, considered icon of Modern's collection, was part of recent exhibit at National Gallery in Berlin; Philip Johnson, who acquired painting from Schlemmer in 1933 and later gave it to museum, says claim has no merit; photo (M)RAJI JALLEPALLI, the chef and owner of Restaurant Raji in Memphis, was a late bloomer. In her book, ''Raji Cuisine: Indian Flavors, French Passion'' (HarperCollins, $35), she writes that she began her restaurant after having had another career and...Amanda Hesser reviews Raji Jallepalli's cookbook Raji Cuisine: Indian Flavors, French Passion, in which recipes fuse French and Indian flavors and techniques; recipe; photo (M)"