b"Apple Computer named Arthur D. Levinson, chairman of Genentech, to its board. Mr. Levinson, 51, became chief executive of Genentech in 1995 and chairman in 1999. He has a doctorate in biochemistry from Princeton University.    Apple Computer Co names Arthur D Levinson, chairman of Genentech, to its board (S)THE centerpiece on the table was a humble ceramic head of lettuce, just as Sister Parish, the grande dame of American decor, had placed it there decades ago. But on a recent afternoon, as the summer clouds finally parted to allow in the buttery no...At Home With column on Apple Parish Bartlett, painter and dealer in decorative home furnishings in Dark Harbor, Me, who with daughter Susan Bartlett Crater has written book about her mother Sister Parish, who was legendary interior decorator who shaped domestic esthetic of many of rich and famous; photos (M)  Sister   The Life of the Legendary   American Interior Decorator   Mrs. Henry Parish II.   By Apple Parish Bartlett   and Susan Bartlett Crater.   Illustrated. 358 pp. New York:   St. Martin's Press. $35.  William Norwich reviews book Sister: The Life of the Legendary American Interior Decorator Mrs Henry Parish II by Apple Parish Bartlett and Susan Bartlett Crater; photos (M)Steven P. Jobs, the co-founder and chief executive of Apple Computer, is not a happy man at the moment.    Last week, Mr. Jobs called the chief executive of Random House, Peter Olson, to complain about a book the Broadway Books division is schedul...Steven P Jobs, co-founder and chief executive of Apple Computer, complains to Random House chief executive Peter Olson about negative portrayal in Alan Deutschman book The Second Coming of Steve Jobs; photo (S)Seattle is 2,895 miles northwest of New York City. Here is a sampling of attractions, along with travel information:    Where to Stay    ALEXIS, 1007 First Avenue, (206) 624-4844. A graceful, century-old 109-room classic, this is a member of the b...THE topic of today's quiz is ''Ethical Quandaries of Two New York Journalists in the Supermarket Produce Aisle.'' The first is John Stossel of ABC's ''20/20,'' who did a report earlier this year comparing organic produce with regular produce. Most...John Tierney The Big City column on inaccuratge, misleading and sometimes sensational reporting about supposed dangers of pesticides in produce consumed by Americans; notes that John Stossell has apologized for erroneous report on ABC, and contrasts refusal of CBS and Ed Bradley to correct erroneous 1989 report on Alar-treated apples, which cost apple growers more than $100 million(M)It's difficult to think of any city, other than the urban behemoths like New York and Los Angeles, and maybe Washington, that has shaped modern living in the United States as much as this one.    Nordstrom, Boeing, Microsoft, Starbucks, Amazon: al...R W Apple Jr On the Road article on attractions of Seattle; listing; maps; photos (M)A deputy no more, Vice President Al Gore made his debut as the Democratic presidential nominee tonight with a vow to work for all Americans, ''especially those who need a voice, those who need a champion, those who need to be lifted up so they are...Vice Pres Al Gore makes his debut as Democratic presidential nominee with vow to work for all Americans; speaking to Democratic National Convention and the nation beyond, Gore distances himself from Pres Clinton, saying 'I stand here tonight as my own man'; lays groundwork for a fall campaign in which he will identify himself as friend of the little guy and Gov George Bush as candidate of the rich, powerful and influential; Gore lays out his position on range of issues in speech with few rhetorical flourishes or unexpected policy departures; promises to enact tax reforms targeting working families, preserve abortion rights, oppose school vouchers and support affirmative action; says comprehensive campaign spending reform bill will be his first order of business if elected; photo (M)It was a new-model Joseph I. Lieberman, hastily retooled to the exigencies of a national campaign, who took the stage tonight as the presumptive Democratic vice-presidential nominee.    No advocacy of school vouchers or the partial privatization o...News analysis: Sen Joseph I Lieberman, hastily retooled to exigencies of a national campaign, takes stage at Democratic convention and follows what are apparently current rules of vice-presidential candidacy--praise your master and mute your own views; speech bypasses mention of any issue that might highlight Lieberman and Gore's differences as Democrats strive for ideological identity (M)The transfer of power is one of the key tests of democracy. At the governmental level, the United States has managed it exceptionally well ever since George Washington, hero of the war that brought the nation into being, handed over to John Adams ...News analysis of Pres Pres Clinton's appearance at Democratic National Convention in Los Angeles; his handoff of reins of Democratic Party to Vice Pres Al Gore was difficult, despite largely cordial relations; his words of praise for Gore was not emotional climax of his speech, which sounded at times more like State of the Union address than anything else (M)"