b"Apple Computer Inc. once again handily surpassed analysts' estimates for its first quarter, and a grateful board thanked its chief executive, Steven P. Jobs, for the company's turnaround by giving him a Gulfstream V jet and 10 million stock option...Apple Computer Inc surpasses analysts' estimates for its first quarter ended Jan 1, 2000, and grateful board thanks its chief executive Steven P Jobs for company's turnaround by giving him Gulfstream V jet and 10 million stock options; Apple director Jerry York says under Jobs and his executive team, Apple's market valuation increased from less than $2 billion to more than $16 billion, and that $90 million cost to Apple for jet and tax offset is about 6.5 percent of gain; Apple reports earnings of $183 million, up 20 percent from $152 million in year-earlier period; revenue rose 37 percent, to $2.34 billion, from $1.71 billion in first quarter of fiscal 1999 (M)Motorola Inc. showed more evidence today that it is in the middle of a remarkable turnaround by reporting a big jump in fourth-quarter profits on growing demand for its cellular telephones and semiconductors.    The company, which just a year ago ...Motorola Inc reports big jump in fourth-quarter profits on growing demand for its cellular telephones and semiconductors; company, which just a year ago was laying off thousands of workers and trying to reorganize its operations after huge losses, has become Wall Street darling; company reports operating profit of $514 million, compared with $159 million in fourth quarter of 1998; reports sales of $8.5 billion, up from $7.9 billion a year ago; graph (M)I WAS raised to believe that status meant having enough money to pay list price for just about everything. Of course, I also was raised to believe that if you wear pajamas with elastic cuffs, your skin won't be able to breathe. But I have slept in...Michelle Slatalla Online Shopper column says Internet has created new kind of marketplace, where bargaining may once again become routine; describes her experience using Nextag, Web site where shoppers can bargain simultaneously with number of merchants for variety of merchandise; says she saved money, but sometimes not very much; lists site's drawbacks; drawing (M)To the Sports Editor:    Harvey Araton writes that Tony Perez's mother thanked the heavens that she had lived to see her son become the first Cuban-born player to make the Hall of Fame (''Apple Pie and Mom and a Dream,'' Jan. 13). The first Cuban-...THE Coles House breaks the Glen Cove mold. It is not Italian. In fact, it was there before the wave of Italian immigration that produced Glen Cove's cluster of top-flight Italian restaurants and long before the ubiquitous mini-malls and fast-food ...Joanne Starkey reviews The Coles House restaurant in Glen Cove, Long Island; photo (M)Carlos Slim Helu, the richest man in Mexico, has bought $90 million of stock in the Philip Morris Companies, as shares of the world's largest cigarette maker traded close to a four-year low.    Mr. Slim, a Philip Morris director since 1997, bought...Carlos Slim Helu, richest man in Mexico, buys $90 million of stock in Philip Morris Companies, as shares in company trade near four-year low; despite disclosure, shares of Philip Morris fall 58 cents, to $22 (S)F.C.C. Plans to Authorize Low-Power Radio Stations  Moving to open the radio airwaves to hundreds of small broadcasters, the federal government is planning to approve rules to allow educational, religious and community groups to run inexpensive, l...Akamai Technologies, which had one of last year's hottest Internet stock offerings, has expanded beyond its base in Cambridge, Mass., to open an office in Silicon Valley.    The company provides services that help Web sites perform more efficientl...Akamai Technologies, which provides services that help Web sites perform more efficiently, to open new office in San Mateo, Calif; move is in part because some of its biggest clients are nearby and also to tap highly trained labor pool of Silicon Valley (S)It's hard to know whether Grace is a restaurant with a bar or a bar with a restaurant. Visually the bar comes first, and it's impossible to miss. Weighty, glossy and a mile long, it dominates the front room, and there's more to it than polished ma...William Grimes Diner's Journal review of Grace, new restaurant in TriBeCa; photo (S)Winter makes one yearn for comfort food, and what could be more comforting than dessert. Here are a dozen places with desserts worth breaking your diet for. (These summaries are taken from dining reviews, columns and articles in The Times by Willi...Eating Out reviews of restaurants with desserts worth breaking a diet for; map (M)"