b"GET ready to be served in a big way by the companies that make personal computer operating system software. Apple Computer and the Microsoft Corporation have been making frequent references lately to services they will provide to their clients (th...State of the Art column by Peter H Lewis describes Apple Computer's new Internet-based services, called iTools; iTools and companion services, iCards and iReview, include free e-mail accounts, electronic greeting card service, human-based system for reviewing other Web sites and personal data backup and storage service; services like these already exist everywhere on Internet; key is that Apple, because it controls software at both ends of Internet connection, can do things other software and Internet companies cannot do, like forge seamless links and bridges between Macs that may be on adjoining desks or on separate continents; Apple services are free to users with access to relatively current Macintosh with Power PC processor (M)Snow paralyzes some American cities and disheartens others. But Minneapolis and its unidentical twin, St. Paul, cope with it. More than that; many people here positively revel in it. Winter is their favorite season.    Come here the morning after ...R W Apple Jr On the Road article on wintertime visit to Minneapolis and St Paul, where inhabitants positively revel in snow, and midday temperatures often struggle to reach balmy double digits; suggests indoor diversions, including art museums; photos; map (M)Gov. George W. Bush of Texas finished first in Monday's Iowa caucuses because he put together an alliance of pragmatists and moralists, winning the support of nearly all the participants in the Republican gatherings who said they were looking for ...R W Apple Jr report on results of Iowa caucuses; George W Bush finished first with alliance of pragmatists looking for a winner and moralists; Al Gore prevailed with union members and those who have favorable impression of Pres Clinton as person; profile of Iowans participating in caucus (M)Eschewing classic engraved invitations,  upstart fashion and Internet companies are getting overcreative to lure guests to opening shows and parties. This week, the Internet beauty company Eve.com sent gold-painted boxes containing two apples -- o...Upstart fashion and Internet companies use items other than classic engraved invitations to lure people ot shows and parties; photo (S)With one eye on his own legacy and another on the political aspirations of his vice president, President Clinton claimed credit tonight for leading the nation onto the broad uplands of unparalleled prosperity and laid out an election-year manifest...R W Apple analysis of Pres Clinton's State of Union address; observes that Clinton spoke with all the expansiveness of a man who hit the lottery, as he claims credit for leading nation onto broad uplands of unparalleled prosperity and laid out election-year manifesto for his party; notes he set sweeping goals--no child raised in poverty, affordable health care for everyone, a cleaner and safer planet--without providing much of a road map toward realizing them (M)In the long run, the most important consequence of the Iowa presidential caucuses this year may be the impression they leave of Gov. George W. Bush on voters across the nation. In the process of achieving a solid victory, has he lost a bit of his ...News analysis of solid victory by Republican presidential candidate Gov George W Bush in Iowa caucuses; Bush may have lost bit of aura as man planted squarely in center since Iowa campaign forced him to speak more specifically than he had hoped on major issues, such as abortion (M)Q. I see where the mouse and keyboard are plugged in, but can you explain what the different ports on the back of a computer are for? Are they different between PC's and Macintoshes?    A. Yes, there are some differences, although the Universal Se...David Ditzel must have secrecy in his genes.    For five years, he and his band of engineers operated in stealth mode. No one else knew quite what they were up to. But their reputation as chip architects, as well as the backing of investors that i...Transmeta Corp's new line of microprocessors intended for portable computers and new types of wireless, handheld Web-surfing devices may pose first serious challenge in years to personal computing chip giant, Intel; David Ditzel, computer designer and head of Transmeta, says product is result of five years of secret work by him and his engineers; his chips will be produced by IBM and be available by middle of year; Ditzel describes how he got financial backing for his company, recruited computer experts and came upon method to shift complex tasks to software and radically simplify hardware; photos (M)RealNetworks Inc., a leading maker of software used to play online music and videos, said yesterday that it had bought closely held Netzip Inc., which produces software for downloading files from the Internet, for about $268 million in stock. Netz...RealNetworks Inc acquires Netzip Inc for about $268 million in stock (S)Maybe it was genetic. My grandfather was the first professor of neurosurgery in the world. My father was a neurosurgeon. And as a kid, I was always taking things apart and putting them back together. At 10, I made an adding machine out of cardboar...The Boss column profiles SoftBook Press Inc chief executive-co-founder James Sachs, whose company was acquired last week by Gemstar International Group; Sachs comments; photo (M)"