b'COME away with me to my desert island, sort of a cross between \'\'Survivor\'\' and \'\'Fantasy Island.\'\' The fantasy comes into play in that the island would already have a Power Macintosh G4 Cube computer with a 15-inch flat-panel Studio Display, a se...State of the Art column appraises Apple Computer Inc\'s new Power Mac G4 Cube computer; drawing (M)I SUPPOSE you could call it an apple epiphany. I was trying a recipe that called for apples, apple butter and apple cider because it\'s that time of year: the early apples are turning up at roadside stands and farmers\' markets. Having grown bored w...Marian Burros\'s Eating Well column on using apples to cut the amount of butter, cream and othee fats in a recipe; photo (M)In 2000, R. W. Apple Jr. called Sooke Harbour House "one of Canada\'s half-dozen best restaurants," praising its kitchen garden "more than two acres of herbs, vegetables and edible flowers, many of them rarities, gradually devouring the lawns aroun...SINCLAIR AND FREDERIQUE PHILIP make an unlikely pair. She comes from Cannes, on the lush Cote d\'Azur; he grew up on the spare Canadian plains. He likes fish; she likes meat. He is reserved, ironic and intellectual, an international economist by tr...Article by R W Apple Jr on Sooke Harbour House, one of Canada\'s half-dozen best restaurants, located on Vancouver Island; recipes; photos (M)Photos of group of boating enthusiasts called Floating the Apple taking part in weeklong commemoration of Revolutionary War\'s Battle of BrooklynPhotos of group of boating enthusiasts called Floating the Apple taking part in weeklong commemoration of Revolutionary War\'s Battle of BrooklynIn a move that may stimulate development of wireless products for the home, the Federal Communications Commission announced yesterday that it had eased restrictions on part of the radio spectrum.     The rule change affects the 2.4-gigahertz band,...Federal Communications Commission says it has eased restrictions on part of radio spectrum; rule change affects 2.4-gigahertz band, area used by companies that produce wireless local-area networks, or LAN\'s; move may stimulate development of wireless products for home; proponants say opening spectrum will give rise to consumer products that wirelessly transmit large amounts of data (M)Once Apple Computer\'s multicolored iMacs and sleek G4 Cubes had injected hip fashion sense into computer hardware and peripherals, it was only a matter of time before someone came up with a way to give the stuff the decadent gleam of conspicuous c...Wallace Silversmith unit of Syratech introduces computer mice plated in precious metals (S)How many applications dance on the head of a hard drive?    In his antitrust ruling against Microsoft, federal Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson argued that a crucial barrier confronting the company\'s potential competitors are the 70,000 programs writ...Richard B McKenzie of University of California at Irvine contends that there are probably fewer than 10,000 Windows programs in use today and that most users probably have no more than a handful on their computers; Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson\'s antitrust ruling against Microsoft Corp was based on trial testimony that there were 70,000 programs written to run solely on Windows operating system; that figure was not contested by lawyers for Microsoft, and indeed its marketing and advertising materials in 1997 claimed that as many as 100,000 programs existed for Windows operating system (M)Calendula Choices    Q.  When I lived in New Hampshire, I grew calendulas in my herb garden that were to die for. Now, we have moved near Washington and they just aren\'t performing well. I\'m baffled and need your help, please, as these are among m...The silver foil covering the cork on Kip Bedell\'s 1996 chardonnay suggests its quicksilver use at the table.    Simple in character, and in price ($10), this chardonnay is made to order for simple fish and chicken dishes, for pork and for veal.  Howard Goldberg reviews Bedell Cellars\' 1996 chardonnay and Schneider Vineyards\' 1998 chardonnay; photo (Long Island Vines column) (M)'