b"Las Vegas is 2,530 miles southwest of New York City. A sampling of attractions, along with travel information:    Where to Stay    BELLAGIO, 3600 Las Vegas Boulevard South, (702) 693-7444. This is the epicenter of the Strip, and hence of Las Vegas...I'm looking out the window of my hotel room, and the first thing I see is the Eiffel Tower, which seems to have lost its bearings. For some reason, it's straddling the Louvre and the Palais Garnier. I can also see the Great Pyramid, the Statue of ...On the Road article by R W Apple Jr on Las Vegas, world of spinning mirages, slot machines and $5.95 buffet dinners that draws 35 million visitors a year; photos; map (M)Less than two weeks left in the presidential campaign. Three men sit at a bar, half-watching Game 5 of the World Series, from which the local heroes, the Cleveland Indians, are conspicuously absent.    Two of them press the third to say which of t...Last article in series revisiting four swing states in presidential race focuses on race in Ohio; notes Democratic money has poured back into state, despite view that Vice Pres Al Gore concedes state to Gov George W Bush; Bush, who had not been in state for weeks, suddenly resumed visits; Gov Bob Taft comments, interview; photo (M)IT'S a beautiful, beautiful animal,'' Frank Hederman said, holding up a silvery 12-pound salmon, bright of eye and red of gill, less than 10 hours out of the sea. ''These guys swim 4,000 or 5,000 miles to get here. By comparison, the farmed salmon...R W Apple Jr, in last of three articles on his eating and drinking experiences on visit to Ireland, comments on glories of wild Irish salmon; scene in Cobh described; photos (L)The moment has come in Michigan for the big boys to push all their chips to the middle of the table. But they are not yet doing it. Not quite.    Eight points behind in the widely followed Epic-MRA poll a mere three weeks ago, Gov. George W. Bush ...Gov George W Bush, who trailed by as much as eight percentage points in Michigan three weeks ago, appears to have pulled even with Vice Pres Al Gore, and surrogates are rushing in to help him; few politicians are venturing prediction as to who will win in most hotly contested big swing state of 2000 campaign; photos (M)It has been two years since a handful of ambitious start-ups began offering personal computers at no additional charge to customers willing to pay for several years of Internet service and, in most cases, to view a constant stream of online advert...PeoplePC, which offers personal computers along with Internet service for three-year commitment, has found niche in affiliate buying programs--sales to corporations, which in turn sell home computers to their workers at fraction of cost; takers so far include Ford Motor Co, with 365,000 employees, Delta Air Lines, with 75,000 employees, and The New York Times Co, with 10,000 employees; PeoplePC sees advantage for corporations in creating more technology-literate work force; Nick Grouf, PeoplePC's chairman, has personal goal of bridging digital divide by putting PC's into hands of more blue-collar workers; photo (M)LAST year, when Oliver Schwarz and his partner, Bertram Hesse, founded their Internet software start-up in Berlin,  they needed a name for the company. Mr. Schwarz and Mr. Hesse, both from the East German town of Jena, brainstormed with their core...Oliver Schwarz and Bertram Hesse of Germany sell Subotnic, their proprietary system for managing Internet content, to Intershop AG; they join ranks of successful high-technology entrepeneurs from former East Germany; photo (M)WHEN Taco Bell introduced a new tortilla chip last March, the company's public relations firm, Edelman Public Relations Worldwide, knew it would not be easy to generate coverage.     ''Let's face it, a new tortilla chip is not the most exciting th...Public relations executives bypass traditional old-media channels and take promotion campaigns directly to public via Internet; photos (M)The personal computer industry continued its torrid pace of worldwide growth in the third quarter, according to two reports scheduled to be released today.     But growth has slowed in the United States, Canada and Europe, as those regions show in...Reports from International Data Corp and Gartner Dataquest indicate continued torrid growth in worldwide sales of personal computers; surge in sales in Asia and Latin America counterbalance signs that saturation has set into North American and European markets (M)"