b"Developers traditionally reach skyward to create more floor space for their buildings. Sometimes they reach downward into bedrock. Rarely do they reach outward -- over a public sidewalk.    But that seems to be what happened at 236 West 54th Stree...New York City Buildings Dept orders halt to construction of three-story addition that is rising atop an old theater at 236 West 54th St, which is now serving as visitors' center for New York Apple Tours; action follows Community Board 5's filing of complaint that developer was adding a prow-like bay projecting about eight feet beyond building line, with steel decking on each floor; addition, which was to be used for a sign, would add roughly 300 square feet of floor area to the building, in what turned out to be an attempt to seize public space; photo (M)It was not a great night for the dauphins of 2000, though worse for George W. Bush than for Al Gore, and the results suggested strongly that both parties now face long, costly struggles for their presidential nominations. As they have so often bef...R W Apple Jr analysis holds that results of New Hampshire primaries suggest that Democrats and Republicans face long, costly struggles for their presidential nominations; says Sen John McCain's victory by 18 percentage points in Republican primary staggered Gov George W Bush and dealt blow to notion that his nomination is inevitable; says Vice Pres Al Gore's narrow victory in Democratic primary failed to blunt Bill Bradley's challenge; says Gore has organizational edge in upcoming primaries, but Bradley can come close to matching him dollar for dollar (M)Independents had a major impact on both parties' pivotal primary elections in New Hampshire on Tuesday, and it was by no means the last that will be heard of them this year.    That is very good news for Senator John McCain of Arizona and former S...Independents had major impact on both parties' pivotal primary elections in New Hampshire, and it is by no means last that will be heard of them this year; that is very good news for Sen John McCain and Bill Bradley, two insurgent presidential candidates (M)They were on the same platform on Saturday, George Bush and George W. Bush, father and son, former president and would-be president, plus the family matriarch, Barbara Bush, and three of George W.'s four siblings, seeking votes in the New Hampshir...Interview with former president George Bush, who rejects efforts to characterize Bush family as political dynasty; he is campaigning in New Hampshire with wife and other family members on behalf of son, Gov George W Bush, Republican presidential frontrunner who also disclaims dynastic credentials; photo (M)IF anyone should know how hard it is to read from a computer screen, it is Dr. James Sheedy. A clinical professor of optometry at the University of California at Berkeley and founder of its Computer Eye Clinic, Dr. Sheedy has treated patients with...Most computer users are aware that reading text from computer screen does not offer same quality as it does from printer paper; while there have been number of efforts to improve monitors themselves, technical limitations of monitors is shifting the effort to improve text display to software changes; two leading software alternatives are ClearType from Microsoft and ClearView from Ductus; both software applications try in different ways to make screen type easier to read; ClearType will work only on LCD (liquid crystal display) screens; photos; graphic on how LCD screens handle pixels (M)A SIDE from the grape, only the apple has made a name and a taste for itself among fruit-based alcoholic beverages. Yes, you can find any number of brandies made from blackberries, peaches and other fruits, and pear brandy in particular can be beg...Eric Asimov Tastings column on apple brandy; photo (S)The Hewlett-Packard Company announced yesterday that it was spinning off DeepCanyon, a company that runs a Web site providing information to marketers. The new company, to be based in Seattle, aims its services at small and midsize companies that ...Hewlett-Packard Co is spinning off DeepCanyon, company that runs Web site providing information to marketers; Lisa Wellman, former Apple Computer executive, is named chief executive of DeepCanyon (S)A Suitable Sweetie For a Frog Prince       Your lily pad or mine? A green marzipan frog prince and princess making eyes at each other may charm your Valentine more than a dozen roses. The two-inch-high frogs are handmade by Rebecca Russell in New ...Comment on green marzipan frog prince and princess available at Dean & DeLuca; Heather Falcone and Seryn Potter open Tea Cozy, antiques shop and tearoom in Boerum Hill; photo; Culinary Institute of America opens Apple Pie Bakery Cafe on its campus in Hyde Park, NY (M)William Eckart, a scenic designer whose innovative sets and costumes enlivened many Broadway productions during the 1950's and 60's, died on Jan. 24 in Dallas, where he lived. He was 79.    The cause was a heart attack, his family said.  William Eckart, scenic designer whose innovative sets and costumes enlivened many Broadway productions during 1950's and 60's, died on Jan 24 at age 79 (M)QUESTION: when is a diner not a diner? Answer: when it's the Crazy Dog in Westhampton Beach. No wonder its owners don't want their restaurant to be called a diner any more. Yes, that's what it looks like from outside. In fact, come to think of it,...Richard Jay Scholem reviews Crazy Dog restaurant in Westhampton Beach, Long Island (M)"