b"Apple Computer announced a series of new portable and desktop computers in Tokyo today including a translucent graphite-colored version of its consumer iBook portable.    The new model of the iBook will sell for $1,799 and have a faster 366 MHz pr...Apple Computer announces series of new portable and desktop computers in Tokyo including translucent graphite-colored version of its consumer iBook portable; new model of iBook will sell for $1,799 and have faster 366 MHz processor; company says it will also increase performance of its business Powerbook line of computers by bringing out new version with faster processors and revamped internal design (S)Apple made no new-hardware announcements at its big Macworld computer show in San Francisco last month, but it made up for the lapse in Japan yesterday when it unveiled new and upgraded versions of its PowerMac, PowerBook and iBook product lines. ...Apple Computer unveils new and upgraded versions of its PowerMac, PowerBook and iBook product lines in Japan; cost and technical specifications noted; photo (M)The Janus Capital Corporation, the white-hot mutual fund group, said it had raised its stake in Apple Computer to 9.99 million shares, or 6.1 percent of the computer maker's stock, as of the end of 1999.    Janus owned about 5.83 million shares, o...Janus Capital Corp, mutual fund group, raised its holding in Apple Computer to 9.99 million shares as of end of 1999 based on company's performance under its chief executive, Steve Jobs (S)Shortly after President George Bush lost his re-election bid in 1992, George W. Bush told a friend that his father ''should never have let Bill Clinton dictate the terms of debate.''    When his turn came, the younger Mr. Bush did not make the sam...R W Apple analysis of Gov George W Bush's South Carolina primary victory; finds that Bush, with big lift from religious right, re-emerges as candidate after being trounced by Sen John McCain in New Hampshire; notes Bush came to South Carolina and cast himself as a hard-nosed conservative, as an outsider and as a reformer who gets results; charts (M)No one who has spent much time talking to South Carolina voters the last couple of days would hazard a guess as to the likely winner of Saturday's pivotal Republican primary here.    That is because it is so hard to judge exactly who will vote. Al...R W Apple Jr article sees South Carolina's privotal Republican primary as agonizingly close race, one that often divides best buddies and married couples (M)SIN is in, gastronomically speaking. Which is why I found myself pulling up to Nueske's Hillcrest Farm, about 65 miles west of Green Bay, at midmorning one crystalline day in January, with the car's digital thermometer stuck at 5 implacable degree...R W Apple article on his love of bacon, prompting his visit to Nueske's Hillcrest Farm, west of Green Bay, Wisconsin, where he went 'in pursuit of post-graduate studies in bacon'; sings praises of Nueske's bacon; photos (L)Q. We are retired and only want to do word processing and use the Internet. Is there a simple machine out there that will let us just use word processing programs and go out on the Internet?    A. Any new computer will be capable of getting the us...The 49 residents of Pitcairn Island, a British territory in the South Pacific, are proud descendants of the infamous Bounty mutineers. So perhaps it is fitting that they are now leading a mutiny of sorts on the Internet -- a rebellion of the littl...United States and Internet Corp for Assigned Names and Numbers, acting on petition from most of Pitcairn Island's residents, confiscate .pn domain name from registrar company that obtained it in 1997 and give it back to island; Icann officials see unprecedented and controversial act as first of many showdowns between early Internet profiteers and small countries and territories only now discovering that two letter Internet addresses set aside for them in early 1990's have been lost to far-away companies; will weigh proposal to restore to all nations and territories sovereign control of domains (M)Because Wilson Daniels has brought wine lovers pleasure mostly indirectly since 1978, it is not a household name. A Napa Valley company, it represents producers like Schramsberg, the top-tier Napa sparkling-wine house; Domaine de la Roman'ee-Conti...I  HANKER for pie. Specifically, a pie bursting with cherry filling, topped with a golden, sugary lattice, cooling behind the counter glass. There's bread pudding too, usually served with vanilla sauce, and there's a five-berry pie and good old Am..."