b"Roswell Rudd and Archie Shepp      There's a bit of 1960's redux but a ton of heart on ''Live in New York'' (Verve), from Roswell Rudd and Archie Shepp, an album that reconvenes a group that functioned briefly almost 40 years ago. It's tempting to...Ben Ratliff reviews jazz recordings by trombonist Roswell Rudd and saxophonist Archie Shepp, by trio Happy Apple and by bassist Charlie Haden with pianist Gonzalo Rubalcaba; photos (M)With a sprawling, sentimental, seven-hour lunch for 601 guests, Alice Waters and her hugely, improbably influential restaurant, Chez Panisse, celebrated 30 years in business on Sunday.    What started in 1971, in Ms. Waters's own words, as ''a sim...Alice Waters celebrates 30th anniversary of her restaurant, Chez Panisse, with a party, seven-hour lunch for 601 guests, on campus of University of California, Berkeley; photos (L)KATE SHEVLIN'S apartment is light and airy, with a small bedroom, living room and kitchen, perfect for a young woman starting out in New York. It is on the Upper East Side, close to many of her friends from college and from her years growing up in...Habitats column on Kate Shevlin's one-bedroom apartment on East 89th Street in Manhattan that rents for $427 a month; photos (M)Palm Inc. has appointed David C. Nagel president and chief executive officer of a new software subsidiary. Mr. Nagel, 56, has served as AT&T's chief technology officer since 1996 and is already a member of the board of Palm, the hand-held computer...David C Nagel, chief technology officer at AT&T Corp, is named president and chief executive officer of new software subsidiary of Palm Inc; photo (S)FALLING prices and dusty inventory haven't deterred a familiar retailer from jumping into the computer hardware business. Amazon.com, the Internet bookstore that grew into an Internet superstore, opened its online computer storefront yesterday at ...Amazon.com opens online computer storefront offering new and refurbished computers; prices are comparable to manufacturers' online outlets (M)Intuit rolled out next year's version of Quicken -- its venerable financial tracking software -- just in time for everybody to switch from summer sloth mode back to business mode.     Quicken 2002 has several features to make it easier to get your...Intuit's 2002 version of Quicken and Microsoft's updated Money offer several new features for business-related software users; photo (S)The four Caesars Pocono Resorts will take 50 percent off the rate for Thursday or Sunday night when couples book a Friday and Saturday stay, starting this week and continuing through Oct. 28. Prices at the resorts -- Cove Haven, Paradise Stream, P...Four Caesars Pocono Resorts will offer 50 percent discounts for additional nights for couples booking Friday and Saturday stays until October 28 (S)Marlpit Hall in Middletown Township, built in 1756, is an unusually long house that opens onto a side yard rather than onto Kings Highway. The Taylor family owned the property until the mid-1930's when a Monmouth County woman, Margaret Haskell, pu...Lee Ellen Griffith, Monmouth County (NJ) Historical Assn director, answers questions about Marlpit Hall, built in 1756 and now restored; photo (On the Map column) (M)THERE must be something in the Greenwich air,'' a friend said as we nibbled our first course at Alta, a new restaurant on Greenwich Avenue. ''How come there are so many first-rate restaurants clustered in this one town?''    Good question, but wha...Patricia Brooks reviews Alta restaurant in Greenwich, Conn (M)IN the last decades, American chefs have borrowed from the cuisines of so many countries that the initial wonder at exotic ingredients has all but vanished.     American food is no longer just apple pie; it's raw tuna, polenta and salsa as well. I...M H Reed reviews Wasabina restaurant in Elmsford, NY; photos (M)"