b"Two Democrats running for mayor are returning about $77,000 in campaign contributions delivered in batches by a prominent New Jersey developer and a Manhattan hotel executive after ethical questions surfaced about the gifts.     A spokesman for Co...New York City mayoral candidates Alan Hevesi and Mark Green return money from Charles J Kushner, chairman of one of New Jersey's largest real etate developers because contribution is considered to be from single source in violation of law; Hevesi also returns money to Vijay Dandapani, chief operating officer of Apple Core Hotels (M)Few people have been as driven to knock over the big apple cart on Wall Street as David S. Pottruck, co-chief executive of the Charles Schwab Corporation.    In his zeal to revolutionize the way stocks and bonds are sold, Mr. Pottruck set out a fe...Traditional Wall Street firms are still making investment rules as number of stock offerings involving online firms plunge; Charles Schwab Corp co-chief executive David S Pottruck says major investment banks are still in control and no online upstart is likely to crack oligopoly they have built; Goldman Sachs Group's recent acquisition of Epoch Partners, which was owned by Schwab, TD Waterhouse and Ameritrade, discussed; Epoch's former owner Scott A Ryles comments; William R Hambrecht, founder and chairman of W R Hambrecht & Co, one of remaining young investment banks with online bent, discusses how his firm has tried to land its own deals rather than depend on larger banks; graphs; photos (M)Q. Is there any way to tell if the programs on my computer are all the current versions?    A. One way to make sure you are not an upgrade behind the current version of your programs is to visit each manufacturer's Web site for news and update inf...In their sun-drenched orchard here in Ulster County, where the McIntosh and Red Delicious apples are still the size of cherries, father and son should be a whirlwind of activity this time of year: spraying and thinning the trees at Hudson Valley F...Number of apple growers in Ulster County, NY, second largest apple-producing county in state that is second to Washington in apple output, are selling land to developers after several years of losing money in depressed market; are taking advantage of surburban sprawl to stave off financial ruin; note state program that helps counties buy development rights from farmers has yet to produce any accords that would keep Ulster land in agriculture; photos (M)The old girl had not been out kicking up her heels in more than seven months, but she showed she still could cause some excitement -- up to a point.    Whether it was age, or the long layoff, or just a case of being beaten, the redoubtable Beautif...Redoubtable horse Beautiful Pleasure runs of out energy and finishes last in Hempstead Handicap at Belmont; Critical Eye wins (S)You have to be 21 to buy Lisa Kaine's Happy Hour Popsicles (really!) because they are spiked with alcohol. Ms. Kaine, the owner of the Bee and the Buttercup, a quirky bakery, confectionary, gift and flower shop at 138 East Third Street, makes them...Lisa Kaine makes Happy Hour Popsicles that contain alcohol; photos (S) HMILLER'S TABLE is tucked away at 90 North Country Road (631-331-4848) in the rolling hills of Miller Place. This country-kitchen kind of a spot, with its homespun food and welcoming attitude, is a rustic, appealing hodgepodge of wooden beams, crys...Richard Jay Scholem reviews Miller's Table restaurant in Miller Place, Long Island (A La Carte column) (M)Barton Mumaw, a member of Ted Shawn's pioneering all-male dance company of the 1930's and a performer in many modern-dance and musical theater productions, died on Monday in Clearwater, Fla., his home for many years. He was 88.     Mr. Mumaw was l...Barton Mumaw, member of Ted Shawn's pioneering all-male dance company of 1930's and performer in many modern-dance and musical theater productions, dies at age 88; photo (M)ON the night of Dec. 20, 1927, some 2,500 revelers made their way to the Boulevard Montparnasse to celebrate the opening of La Coupole, the vast brasserie that was to become emblematic of lighthearted Paris in the 20's, les Ann\xc3\xa9es Folles.     The ...Frank J Prial comments on several Parisian restaurants' long tradition of serving seafood in elaborate tiers; photo (MBEFORE it was the Big Apple, New York was the big oyster, at a time  American oysters were known for their size. A dubious endorsement came from the English novelist William Makepeace Thackeray, who wrote that eating an American oyster was like ea...Mark Kurlansky article traces history of New York City's oyster industry, which vanished in 1927 as result of overharvesting and pollution; photo; drawing (M)"