b"THE store is so self-aware that it doesn't even have its name on a sign. Instead, a glowing white apple with an iconic bite beckons shoppers in an upscale mall in this affluent Washington suburb.     Inside the white airy interior, black-clad sale...Apple Computer will open retail outlets in 25 high-traffic shopping areas across nation by end of 2001, in foray into direct sales to customers; photo (M)LAST week brought bad news for people who like their products with at least as much style as substance. Apple Computer said it was canceling its beautiful Power Mac G4 Cube, barely a year after it introduced the machine it called ''the coolest com...Virginia Postrel Economic Scene column discusses Apple Computer's cancellation of the beautiful Power Mac G4 Cube computer in terms of the tricky problem of determining value of aesthetic improvements in products; photos (M)In the struggle to prevent computer-related injuries, the shoulder sometimes gets short shrift. But moving the arm from the keyboard to the mouse, then moving the mouse, then moving back to the keyboard, can lead to a sore shoulder.    The MouseTr...MouseTrapper, available from Axcess Technologies, saves computer operator from movements that could injure shoulders; photo (S)A world away from Wall Street in New York or Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills, Calif., are the Dandelion Capital of the World (also known as Vineland, N.J.) and the Fire Hydrant Capital of the World (Albertville, Ala., of course). America's small town...Web site called ePodunk displays and celebrates small towns and cities; photo (S)Chardonnay and cabernet sauvignon grape juices are for grown-ups who may want a juice that is less sweet. They are delicious with sparkling water or iced tea or even mixed with spirits. The chardonnay suggests tropical fruit and apple, while the c...Comment on chardonnay and cabernet sauvignon grape juices; photo (S)In a Shift, Microsoft to Give PC Makers More Freedom  Acknowledging that it must change its business practices, Microsoft announced that it would give personal computer makers more freedom to choose what software and services they offer on the mac...SINCE it has very few tourist facilities, Romania is trying to make a strength of its weakness. Not blessed with great hotels or famous museums, it sends tourists out into remote rural areas where they can get away from museums and hotels. The nam...Aaon Latham article on stay with Romanian farm family in tiny village of Ivanis, in remotest Transylvania; describes warm hospitality, though without indoor plumbing; photos; map (M)EITHER P. G. Wodehouse, the humorist, or Antonin Scalia, the Supreme Court justice, I felt certain, wrote about this incident involving a caddie: ''Mitchell addressed his ball. He swung up, and then, from immediately behind him came a sudden sharp...Ira Berkow Sports of The Times column criticizes US Golf Assn for not allowing Lee Penterman, who has cerebral palsy, to use golf cart to caddie for a friend in US Amateur Public Links Championship (M)AS the heat of the season intensifies and respite at the shore seems weeks away, those of us detained on shimmering pavements can get a taste of the sea on main street here at Caffe Regatta. This new kid in town has arrived not a moment too soon. ...M H Reed reviews Caffe Regatta Oyster Bar & Grill in Pelham, NY; photos (M)FISCHMAN-Bernard D. Age 86. On July 11, 2001. Adored husband of Hilda. Devoted & loving father of Judith (Harmer) and Robert. Cherished grandfather of Jesse, Joanna and Eliza. Brother of the late Ruth Rackman and Mervyn Fischman. Funeral service F..."