b"Apple Computer said today that it would stop making its Power Mac G4 Cube, a machine heavy on design innovation but short on buyers, less than a year after the product line was first sold.    Sales of the cube-shaped computer have fallen sharply s...Apple Computer to stop making innovative cube-shaped computer, citing slow sales (M)Senator Charles E. Schumer may want to consider the convenience of mail-order bialys.    ''In my 20 years in Washington,'' Mr. Schumer, a Brooklyn native, confessed recently, ''I still can't find a good slice of pizza or a great bagel.''  Smithsonian Folklife Festival celebrates New York City and its icons, offering street scene on Washington Mall where visitors can sample snippets of Big Apple; photo (M)ONE might imagine that uniting scientists in different cities through Web-based laboratories could be a daunting technical challenge. But surprisingly,  Dr. Stephanie Teasley, a cognitive psychologist who helped establish such an effort for AIDS r...Dr Stephanie Teasley, co-author of paper on scientific collaboration-at-a-distance, argues that biggest challenges of creating Web-based research efforts are not technological but, rather, concern breaking down scientific traditions and dealing with bureaucratic issues; drawing (M)Max parks his hoverbike in front of his housing pod's acrylic dome; the artificial-intelligence sentry scans his retinas, then waves him inside. After switching on the hologram player, Max unloads his laptop, a $200 tablet that weighs one pound, c...David Pogue State of the Art column on new portable devices, with word processor and calculator functions, that are an inexpensive, rugged and power-stingy alternative to palm-top computers; notes that they do not contain multimedia or Internet features, but hold about 100 pages of text; comments on 'smart keyboards' from AlphaSmart, Perfect Solutions, QuickPad and CalcuScribe; photos (M) To the Editor:    Re ''Is John Adams Overrated?'' (Op-Ed, July 3):    It is as American as apple pie to identify heroes and then challenge their durability in that role. Was Adams our true hero -- or Jefferson, or Washington, or Lincoln?  Bruce Neuman letter replies to Floyd Abrams's July 3 Op-Ed on John AdamsFOR decades, determining the nation's most popular records resembled a free-for-all. Record stores, relying on the honor system, reported top-selling titles but did not provide sales figures, and there was little incentive for accuracy, since reco...Article on SoundScan, founded a decade ago by Michael Shalett and Michael Fine in effort to take second-guessing, strong-arm tactics and bribery out of system, which uses bar codes, cash-register scanners and computers to ascertain retail sales of records and CD's; spinoffs now include VideoScan, which charts video releases, and Broadcast Data Systems, which monitors airplay on radio stations; photos (M)When Macari Vineyards says brut on the label of its sparkling wine, it indeed means brut -- dry. In fact, very dry.    Having exhausted the stocks of its first release, the winery, in Mattituck on the North Fork, has entered its second round, cons...Howard Goldberg reviews brut sparkling wine from Macari Vineyards; photo (Long Island Vines column) (M)AS the silver tray held aloft by a waiter passed through the dining room at Le Bernardin, heads turned. On it were six Champagne flutes filled with a jewel-like crimson liquid, each capped with a bit of pink froth and a scoop of magenta sorbet.   ...Pastry chefs concoct trendy new desserts using old formula for ice cream floats, and produce elegant, and frothy, meal finales; photo (M)FROM time to time we revisit restaurants that were previously reviewed. Things change, perhaps nowhere so often as at restaurants.    Two of the places we returned to provided a few surprises.  Patricia Brooks revisits Bistro Le Trocadero restaurant in Wilton and Barcelona Restaurant and Wine Bar in South Norwalk, Conn (M)Even in a gathering of some 70 people, spotting the money seekers was easy. They were the younger men huddled off to the sides, clutching glasses of mineral water and trying not to look anxious.    All around them, mostly gray-haired or balding Si...Venture capital financing falls from $26.1 billion in first quarter of 2000 to $10.2 billion for first quarter of 2001; cash available went mostly to struggling mid-stage companies already in venture capitalists' portfolios; seed-stage financing plummeted to $32.9 million, down 75 percent from year earlier; group called Band of Angels invested about $25 million in 23 companies in 2000, making it one of most active of many angel networks in US; Center for Venture Research at University of New Hampshire puts number of active angels in America at around 400,000; angel investors are required by Securities and Exchange Commission to have assets of at least $1 million to be accredited; chart; photos (M)"