b"Apple Computer introduced a portable music player today and declared that the new gadget, called the iPod, was so much easier to use that it would broaden a nascent market in the way the Macintosh once helped make the personal computer accessible ...Apple Computer introduces portable music player and declares that new gadget, called iPod; industry analysts say while device appears to be as consumer friendly as company says it is, they also point to its relatively limited potential audience, around seven million owners of latest Macintosh computers; Apple's chief executive Steven P Jobs disputes concern that market is limited (M)APPLE doesn't send out greeting cards very often, especially by FedEx. So when the company mailed cards to reporters last week, too soon for Christmas and too rushed for Halloween, some curiosity was understandable. The message inside heralded the...David Pogue column evaluates Apple Computer's iPod, saying it may be finest portable music player ever built; photo (M)Here's the crucial question about this year's Big Apple Circus: Is it the children or the adults who will enjoy it more?    After all, this 24th production of the intimate little circus, nestled under its tent in Damrosch Park at Lincoln Center th...Lawrence Van Gelder reviews Big Apple Circus in Big Top Doo-Wop under the tent in Damrosch Park at Lincoln Center; photo (M)WE had arrived in this evocative old port city at the head of the Adriatic only a few minutes earlier, and we hadn't even opened our suitcases when the telephone started ringing.    ''Dr. Illy is waiting for you in the lobby,'' the voice at the ot...R W Apple Jr, visiting Trieste, Italy, reports on his meeting with Ernesto Illy, chemist, chairman of Illycaffe and espresso evangelist extraordinaire; photos (L)After his sophomore year at Stanford University, Chris Jones showed up at Microsoft for a summer job in 1989 and was escorted to an office with a personal computer running MS-DOS, the operating system that helped make Microsoft the dominant PC sof...Microsoft Corp is introducing Windows XP, and it was vice president Chris Jones who led 1,000-member corporate army that designed and built new operating system; for nearly two years, Jones stood between marketing people, who typically want every possible feature included in Windows so as to appeal to broadest possible market, and software developers, who say marketing wish list is impossible; Jones comments (M)With a concert by the rock singer Sting and the personal thanks of Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, Microsoft yesterday introduced its Windows XP operating system, a product that carries the hopes of reviving sales for the beleaguered personal computer ...Microsoft Corp introduces Windows XP operating system with concert in New York from rock singer Sting and personal thanks of Mayor Rudolph Giuliani; product carries hopes of reviving sales for beleaguered personal computer industry; company has more than $200 million marketing budget for system; International Data Corp estimates Microsoft will sell 70 million copies next year and 101 million in 2003 and 112 million in 2004; photo (M) To the Editor:    Re ''Hello, Tech Support? I Need a Hug'' (Sept. 13): I was surprised to read of the reputation of tech support representatives as ''rude, abstruse and condescending.''  Nancy Ross letter comments on Sept 13 article on computer tech supportU.S. Obtains Concession On Price of Anthrax Drug  The Bush administration said that it had won a price concession from Bayer for its anthrax medicine, Cipro, after the White House threatened to buy generic alternatives instead.    A spokesman for ...I ALWAYS considered it a good day when Jell-O turned up in the school cafeteria. It wasn't that I liked the taste so much. It was that Jell-O was so much fun to play with. All you had to do was keep your mouth closed and no one would guess that yo...Dorie Greenspan describes making crab salad with apple gelee; photos; recipe (M)Designs for Acting  TOMORROW -- A display of Isaac Mizrahi's costume designs for the Roundabout Theater's production of ''The Women'' will be shown at Barneys New York, 10 East 61st Street (Madison Avenue), to raise money for the theater's arts in..."