b"To the Editor:    Apple has routinely reinvented the Mac OS over the years. For ''A New Face (and Heart) for the Mac'' (State of the Art, March 29) to say the Mac OS 9 ''rests on the body of a 1984 Volkswagen Rabbit'' is like saying the Discovery ...Peter M Stoller letter on Mar 29 article hails evolution of Apple's Mac computersTo the Editor:    The ac OS X is supposedly the move that will reverse Apple's ever-shrinking market share. This major advance is for the few -- the Mac OS X released on March 24 is still a test version, even though it sold for $129. It won't laun...Dr Arthur Strauss letter on Mar 29 article cites shortcomings of Apple's new Mac OS X computerNew computer security flaws have been discovered in a popular wireless local area networking standard increasingly used by both corporations and consumers.    The flaws could make it possible for an intruder who is physically close to a wireless c...University of Maryhland researchers discover computer security flaws in popular wireless local area networking standard increasingly used by corporations and consumers; flaws could make it possible for intruder who is physically close to wireless computer network to masquerade as legitimate user in supposedly private network (M)Hana says: This tart is not kosher for Passover, so wait until after the holiday to make it. Gitta Friedenson, an old friend, passed along the recipe. Use a glass dish so you can check how brown the bottom gets. And don't serve it too hot, because...The road to technical support may be paved with good intentions, but in a recent survey, none of the top eight manufacturers offered a completely smooth ride.    On Magazine devised three different technical problems and then called the support li...On Magazine rates technical support offered by computer manufacturers (S)Three of the world's largest record companies said today that they had struck a deal with RealNetworks, the Seattle-based Internet audio and video distribution company, to make music available online based on a subscription model.    The announcem...Bertelsmann AG, EMI Group and AOL Time Warner strike deal with RealNetworks, Internet audio and video distribution company, to make music available online based on subscription model; agreement would have music companies take minority interest in company called MusicNet that was created in 2000 by RealNetworks (M)IT would be a stretch to say that James J. Cramer is no longer a wild man since he quit his $400 million private investment fund late last year. He still looks fairly demented as he sits in his office at TheStreet.com, the financial news Web site ...Public Lives column profiles career of James J Cramer, founder of financial news Web site TheStreet.com; discusses decision to quit his $400 million private investment fund late last year; photo (M)The Burger King Corporation, a unit of Diageo, said yesterday that it would introduce a campaign aimed at children to be focused on food that is green.    The promotion to stimulate sales of Kids Meals and Big Kids Meals, carrying the theme ''Choo...Burger King Corp, unit of Diageo, will introduce advertising campaign aimed at children that will focus on food that is green (S)There's been a noticeable drift toward cryptic, pared-down restaurant names in the last couple of years. No one can top Pop, but Craft comes close, and Town may win the prize for brevity combined with mystery. Town, in the new Chambers Hotel, is t...William Grimes Diner's Journal review of Town, restaurant in new Chambers Hotel; photo (S)Swift and spectacular, skillfully blending tradition and technology, the 131st Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus is filling Madison Square Garden from ring to rafters with eye-catching entertainment.    Clowns and daredevils, graceful a...Lawrence Van Gelder reviews Ringling Bros and Barnum & Bailey Circus, at Madison Square Garden; photo (M)"