b"With the school year soon to start, computer makers have begun rolling out machines intended to wind up in knapsacks.     Following the lead of Apple's newest iBook, the Solo 1200 notebook from Gateway is aiming for part of the education market....Gateway offers new notebook computer intended for students that will compete with Apple's newest iBook; photo (S)GOLDSTEIN-Rose. Young Israel of Harrison mourns the passing of Rose Goldstein, beloved mother of its devoted member, Eric Goldstein, and extends heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family. Yaakov Bienenfeld, Rabbi Stephen J. Apple, PresidentBLUE DIARY  By Alice Hoffman  303 pages. G. P. Putnam's Sons. $24.95.       In her latest novel Alice Hoffman writes fulsomely of family reunions and blueberry pie, of goldenrod beside roadsides, of fluttering sparrows and cooing doves, of how ''l...With Thom, Jonathan Eismann gets to find out if you can go home again. Mr. Eismann, a New Yorker who earned his stripes at Batons, Fandango and China Grill in Manhattan, headed for Miami in the mid-1990's, took his Pacific Rim cooking with him and...William Grimes Diner's Journal review of Thom restaurant in SoHo; photo (M)THE facade of the landmark building that houses Down By The Bay could use a bit of care, but on a calm summer evening, the view from the front door could not be more picturesque. The restaurant faces Mamaroneck Harbor where, on the far side of tra...M H Reed reviews Down By the Bay restaurant in Mamaroneck, NY; photos (M)MALONEY-James D. After a short, but courageous battle against cancer, 72 year old James Maloney of Juno Beach, FL, passed away on July 30, 2001. Born to Irish immigrant parents on February 28, 1929 in Cincinnati, OH, Mr. Maloney carved out a full ...Risking a presidential veto, the Senate today rejected a Republican proposal to limit emergency farm aid to $5.5 billion, pushing ahead with a Democratic measure worth $2 billion more.    The White House warned last week that the Democratic bill w...Senate, 52-48, rejects Republican proposal to limit emergency farm aid to $5.5 billion, pushing ahead with Democratic measure worth $2 billion more that faces likely veto by Pres Bush; Democrats, led by Sen Tom Harkin, hold larger amount is needed to finance programs for smaller farmers ineligible for special subsidies for row crops (M)WELL, let's face it, more is actually more. An elephant is mightier than a mouse, even if the mouse has been working out. A diamond as big as the Ritz is worth more than a diamond that's only as big as a bed and breakfast.    When more means bigge...Vicki Goldberg reviews exhibits of small and large photographs at Edwynn Houk and Pace/McGill galleries; photos (M)Bon Jovi's unsurprisingly triumphant appearance Friday night at Giants Stadium was the best Fourth of July celebration ever to take place almost in August. Under a hazy half moon and a blanket of artificial stars, New Jersey's most all-American ba...So I'm checking out of my hotel Wednesday morning, the Dromoland Castle, a real stone castle in western Ireland. The checkout desk is framed by two mannequins in suits of armor once worn by castle guards. I ask for my bill. The desk clerk sheepish...Thomas L Friedman Op-Ed column explains why Ireland, whose economy has been tranformed with help of aid from European Union, has rejected EU's Nice treaty, which lays foundation for expanding EU to Eastern European countries; says Irish appreciate increased economic opportunity in their country, but they fear Ireland's unique landscape and delightfully eccentric culture and identity could get paved over; says Irish, biggest beneficiaries of globalization, are becoming more aware of price they are paying (M)"