b"TO do-it-yourself moviemakers, nothing is more frustrating than the current chasm between the technology for creating digital movies and the technology for distributing them. The first part is easy: using a $700 digital camcorder, you can capture ...Panasonic and Vivastar are set to introduce DVD-RW drives, which allow users to transfer footage recorded on digital camcorders directly onto DVD's; amateur films may now be presented with quality approaching professional standards; Pioneer's drive will be built into Apple and Compaq personal computers for creating DVD's of commercial clarity; photo (M)I.B.M. will announce today the availability of a new family of microchips intended to reduce sharply the size, power requirements and cost of components in Internet appliances and portable consumer electronics devices.    I.B.M. said that the new ...IBM to announce availability of a new family of microchips intended to reduce sharply the size, power requirements and cost of components in Internet appliances and portable consumer electronics devices (M)David Winer is a software designer who loves making trouble. And even if many in Silicon Valley consider him an irascible gadfly, he has a large, attentive audience.     Right now he is sounding the alarm about Microsoft, which he says is trying t...Interview with David Winer, software designer who warns on his widely read electronic newsletter that Microsoft is trying to contort network software standards in effort to dominate Internet's future direction; photo (M)This recipe is from the French Laundry, the chef Thomas Keller's restaurant in Yountville, Calif. It was published as part of a 2001 story about the raw food movement, in which every element of every dish is raw, organic and vegan.NEW YORK    MANHATTAN: WOMAN PUSHED ONTO TRACKS  A 59-year-old woman remained hospitalized last night after a stranger pushed her onto the subway tracks on Saturday, the authorities said. The woman, whose identity was not immediately released, tol...For nearly 14 years, Aggie Markowitz dispensed cheap food and free opinions from the brightly lighted restaurant at Houston and Macdougal Streets that bore her name. Yet despite lines every weekend for what she called ''the most perfect plate of e...Their only fear was that perhaps, in all the mourning, they were making a saint of Jimmy Fox. A saint he was not. But just saying what he was -- a 42-year-old man without a home who, before he died last month, lived on the southeast corner of 42nd...Continuum, the new-music ensemble directed by Joel Sachs and Cheryl Seltzer, has had its greatest successes with single-composer retrospectives and overviews of particular countries or regions. But to celebrate its 35th year, the group set aside i...Allan Kozinn reviews performance by Continuum, new-music ensemble directed by Joel Sachs and Cheryl Seltzer (S)ARTHUR'S DOWNTOWN is the third high-end restaurant to take root in the fertile soil around the New Jersey Performing Arts Center. And though it opened only last December, it feels as if it had been around forever -- or at least since the days when...THREE women, their blond hair ironed straight, tore through a rack of denim jeans as if the pockets were stuffed with $100 bills. Nearby, a cluster of fashion editors in teetering heels circled a cozy Henley sweater. It was a must, they agreed. Di..."