b"A great pal of mine at the somewhat curious high school I attended was Ronnie Reuben, one of six grandchildren of Arnold, the feisty German immigrant who founded and maintained Reuben's, which from the late teens till the 60's was the show-biz-jou...Jonathan Reynolds article recalls dining alone on apple pancake at former New York City restaurant one Christmas in 1960's when he had fought with his mother; suggests self-indulgence as way to cope with self-pity and sorrow; recipe (M)For lovers of spare, understated Champagnes from France, W\xc3\xb6lffer Estate's 1997 brut sparkling wine, called Christian W\xc3\xb6lffer Cuv\xc3\xa9e, should have holiday appeal.    Whether the $27 cost will dim that appeal I can't say, but having spent, on and off,...NOT many years ago, California's sparkling wines were predictably heavy and overly fruity, almost clumsy tasted against comparably priced Champagnes. But in the last decade, the improvement has been remarkable, and today carefully selected America...Eric Asimov column rates California sparkling wines; photo (M)Hail, Fellows  The National Endowment for the Arts has chosen the recipients of its 2002 Jazz Masters Fellowships. This honor recognizes contributions to jazz, artistic excellence and impact on music and is worth $20,000. On the 20th anniversary o...Recipients of 2002 Jazz Masters Fellowships of National Endowments for Arts are Frank Foster, Percy Heath and McCoy Tyner; photo...Judy Blume an dStephen King are among recipients of first Writer Awards given by The Writer magazine...Museum of Modern Art offers film series tribute to New York; photo...Lisa Schiff is elected chairwoman of Jazz at Lincoln Center...Metro Mass Choir, 130-voice gospel-style ensemble formed by singers f Jewish, Muslim and Christian backgrounds, will perform at Town Hall (M)Celebration in Stamford      Kwanzaa, the seven-day observance of the African-American heritage of family and community spirit was founded in 1966 by Dr. Maulana Karenga, head of the Black Studies Department at California State University in Long ...CHRISTMAS dinner is a meal deeply rooted in family traditions. It may be a roasted goose with chestnut stuffing or a spiced souffl\xc3\xa9 that is made only once a year. There may be a special toast before the meal or a postdinner walk. But there is anot...Amanda Hesser article on Christmas breakfast; recipes; drawing; photo (M)One morning next month, John Steward will get into his car, leave his house in White Plains and stop off at the Y.M.C.A. for a swim. Then he will drive to the Metro-North station and do a very strange thing.    He will open the fuel flap on the si...Group of 100 suburban commuters in New York metropolitan area are participating in experiment of using electric cars as their means of transportation to train stations; drivers lease Ford cars for $199 month and get discounts on their train tickets and free parking and electric hookup at stations; cars have top limit of 56 miles per hour and can go about 50 miles before recharging; photos (M)SHE makes an unlikely freedom fighter, this apple-cheeked elder of the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church, which tends its flock, including a controversial outdoor flock of the homeless, alongside the chic Henri Bendel department store on the west s...Public Lives column profiles work of Margaret Loehlin Shafer, head of Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church's outreach program, with homeless (M)"