b"THE International Theater School of Jacques Lecoq is artfully ensconced behind a labyrinth of nondescript courtyards in the bustling commercial center of Paris's 10th Arrondissement, not far from the Gare du Nord. The drab metal door at 57 rue Fau...Ron Jenkins article on International Theater School of Jacques Lecoq in Paris, a school of clowning, improvisation and commedia dell'arte that has been great incubator for theatrical innovation and has had profound impact on theater; says that because Lecoq, who died in 1999, insisted that students develop their own individual style, there is no clearly definable Lecoq style, but that his poetic approach to movement has influenced such theater pioneers as Julie Taymor, Ariane Mnouchkine, Theatre de Complicite, Cirque du Soleil, Mummenschanz, Footsbarn Traveling Theater of France, Theatre de la Jeune Lune, Geoffrey Rush, Steven Berkoff and Yasmina Reza; photos (M)Many people first encountered the 3.5-inch diskette on the original Apple Macintosh computer. So perhaps the clearest symbol of its decline is the absence of floppy disk drives on Apple's current offerings. But Panasonic and Imation think there is...SuperDisk drive from Panasonic and Imation can squeeze 32 megabytes of data onto standard 2-megabyte floppy disk (S)THIS erstwhile farming community of 5,000 is morphing from apple-picking country to a development center for the latest computer data networking equipment. The driver for the transformation is Cisco Systems Inc., the world's leading maker of netwo...Cisco Systems Inc builds corporate campus in Boxborough, Mass, to house 11 companies it has bought in region; campus will include seven buildings on 370 acres; drawing; map (M)LIKE many people, Mark Bridger, a math professor in Newton, Mass., has relied on a laptop computer to help him keep up with his work when he travels. So he took his Dell Inspiron 3800 along on a trip to his Maine vacation home last fall.    But on...Lithium-ion battery, which is used extensively in virtually all high-end laptop computers, most camcorders and many newer wireless cellular telephones, poses potential risk of overheating and causing fires; several computer manufacturers have recalled portable computers following complaints and actual fires; proximity to sources of heat increases batteries' chances of catching fire (M)JAKUBOVITZ-Jerome R. The Board of Directors of Stern College for Women is deeply saddened by the passing of our esteemed member, Jerome Jakubovitz. Jerry was a very special man and we shall sorely miss his wisdom, his business acumen, his commitme...It was 11 o'clock one night at the Hudson Valley Migrant Health Clinic and the pager affixed to Vince LaSalle's waist started beeping. Mr. LaSalle, a physician's assistant at the clinic here, had been closing up for the night.    The call was from...Outreach workers from Hudson Valley (NY) Migrant Health Clinic tend to health needs of migrant farmworkers in Hudson Valley; migrants, mostly illegal immigrants who are wary of institutions, live a barebones existence; photos (M)BEFORE we moved from the Upper West Side of Manhattan to the relative wilds of New Hampshire, my husband and I would occasionally bundle up our children and trudge through  icy winter streets to a neighborhood restaurant promising country charm, t...Denise Landis article on making country-style breakfasts, such as rye pancakes, hot spiced apples and broiled maple-glaze sausage; recipes (L)When the owners install a 30-foot dracaena tree in the center of the dining room, it's safe to assume that food is not the main preoccupation of the restaurant.    The Park, a multichambered, multiconcept restaurant coaxed out of three taxi garage...William Grimes Diner's Journal review of The Park restaurant on Tenth Avenue in Chelsea; photo (S)FRESH ingredients, bold flavors, home-style cooking, a small, simple menu, astonishingly low prices and no credit cards make the new Kebabi Musiki Professional Kebab House, at 1844 Deer Park Avenue in Deer Park (631-586-7750), the most Turkish and...Richard Jay Scholem reviews Kebabi Musiki Professional Kebab House restaurant in Deer Park, Long Island (A La Carte column) (M)Leopold Page, No. 173 on ''Schindler's list,'' whose relentless campaign to honor the German businessman who saved his life and the lives of 1,300 other Jews during World War II led to the book and film, died on Friday in Los Angeles. He was 87.  ...Leopold Page, whose relentless campaign to honor German businessman Oskar Schindler, who saved his life and lives of 1,300 other Jews during World War II, dies at age 87; Page's efforts led to book and film about Schindler; photo (M)"