b"EVEN in these technologically enlightened times, most laptops fall into one of two equally compromised categories. First, there's the full-size laptop, which offers most standard PC features but begins to weigh as much as a small Steinway by the t...David Pugue column on four laptop computers that suffer neither from full-sized laptops' bulkiness nor from ultralight laptops' lack of features; they are made by Apple, Fujitsu, NEC and WinBook; photos (M)A picture caption in Circuits on Thursday with the State of the Art column, about lightweight laptop computers, misidentified the machine at the left. It was the WinBook X1, not the Fujitsu LifeBook S-4546.    The column misstated the pricing for ...Correction of Circuits photo caption May 31; computers identifiedA sports article in some copies on Saturday about the Lakers-Spurs playoff game misidentified the computer company whose slogan ''Think Different'' appears in downtown Los Angeles on a mural of great Laker centers. It is Apple Computer, not Micros...Correction of May 28 sports article, which appeared in some copies, about the Lakers-Spurs playoff gameTo the Editor:     If apple pie is the most exciting thing your reviewer could think of to order for an anniversary celebration, then I can only hope her marriage isn't that boring. For my anniversary bring on the brioche, apple, cognac raisin bre...Theresa Karwowski letter disagrees with Karla Cook's review of Acacia restaurantTo the Editor:    I have dined at Acacia at least 50 times and have always found the food and service to be excellent.  While the hostess appears to be in need of some attitude adjustment, I found Ms. Cook's reporting of the comment that Acacia is...Glenn Parker letter disputes Karla Cook's review of Acacia restaurant (S)Calvin Coolidge said, ''The business of America is business.'' George W. Bush, the first president to have an M.B.A. degree, has issued a correction. If his first budget is any indication, the business of America today is big business. Small compa...Fred P Hochberg Op-Ed article sees clear evidence that Pres Bush's priority is promoting big business, but not entrepreneurs; cites forty percent cut in Small Business Administration budget, which will deprive small start-up companiesof crucial support (M)  THE BOTANY OF DESIRE   A Plant's-Eye View of the World.   By Michael Pollan.   271 pp. New York:   Random House. $24.95.  Burkhard Bilger reviews book The Botany of Desire: A Plant's-Eye View of the World by Michael Pollan; drawing (M)EDWIN (TED) GUY has bowled for 46 years. He remembers the 1970's, when New York City supported 172 bowling alleys. The game was inexpensive, played mostly by families and leagues, and players worked hard to develop their skill.    Mr. Guy, who is ...Article on glitz that has taken over Manhattan's three surviving bowling alleys--Leisure Time Recreation on second floor of Port Authority bus terminal, Chelsea Piers on 23rd Street and Bowlmore Lanes in Greenwich Village; photo (M)ARTISANAL is a brasserie with a lot of cheese. That doesn't sound especially enticing. So let me put it another way. Artisanal is a big, very good-looking brasserie with more varieties of cheese than most human beings will encounter in a lifetime....William Grimes reviews Artisanal, restaurant at Park Ave and 32nd St; photo (M)Every road has its landmarks, and the Taconic State Parkway is no different. Apple-red barns and grand overlooks of the Catskills break up the monotony of endless miles, and give weary drivers something to check  their odometers by.    But there i...Roy Kanwit's lawn in Spencertown, NY, features giant sculpture, so compelling that people actually exit from Taconic Parkway to visit outdoor gallery and enjoy artwork; 19-foot head is prize of exhibit, which contains 40 pieces; photos (M)"