b"ONE dispiriting winter night a year ago, when spring seemed an implausible prospect, our neighbor Ken Bentsen rang the doorbell.    ''Have something for you,'' he announced in his laconic way, handing over a paper bag that felt as if it had cannon...R W Apple Jr article lauds sweet grapefruit grown in orchards of south Texas; photo (L)SWEET potatoes have such hearty flavor that they can be pur\xc3\xa9ed with little more than chicken stock and aromatics to make a soup that is really light but tastes deceptively creamy. It makes the perfect second course, after a delicate artichoke and ...Sixth of eight columns by Charlie Trotter describes making sweet potato puree with chicken livers and mushrooms; drawing; recipe (M)To the Editor:    Though probably meant to convey a tone of affectionate teasing, the cover article last Sunday on the fan following of ''The Sopranos'' seems contaminated by the mocking spirit that frequently characterizes descriptions of New Jer...Jerseyite Radha Avadhani letter calls New Yorkers sore losers for not appreciating what TV program Sopranos has done for New Jersey'My Way' the Wrong Way      MAYOR RUDOLPH W. GIULIANI has regrets about his performance last weekend at the Inner Circle, the roast by reporters that is traditionally followed by an equally theatrical response from the mayor -- but not, apparently...Boldface Names column; New York City Mayor Rudolph W Giuliani has regrets about his performance at Inner Circle roast by reporters; Dave H Williams, chairman of Foreign Policy Assn, gives maritime etching to King Juan Carlos of Spain; American Friends of the Hermitage plan trip to St Petersburg, Russia; Winston Churchill's granddaughter, Edwina Sandys, works on painting for lobby of apartment house on Upper East Side of Manhattan that is named Chartwell House, after manor house where Churchill lived; photo (M)''The Gleaners and I'' was shown as part of the New York Film Festival last year. Following are excerpts from A. O. Scott's review, which appeared in The New York Times on Sept. 30. The film, which opens today, runs through March 27 at the Film Fo...Excerpts from A O Scott's Sept 30 review of Agnes Varda's documentary The Gleaners and I, shown as part of New York Film Festival last year (M)MY first encounter was at a New Age hotel in Berkeley, Calif. I had spent the night on a magnetic mattress at the Claremont Resort and Spa, and was ready for a strong cup of coffee. But as I reached for the sugar, I almost got my hand slapped by L...Stevia, a herb, is latest food craze to hit southern California; stevia, sold as dietary food supplement, is a natural substance that is 300 times sweeter than sugar and yet contains no calories; photo (M)Portia Nelson, a cabaret singer, songwriter, actress and author who was one of the most beloved New York nightclub performers of the 1950's, died on Tuesday at her home in Manhattan. She was 80.    Ms. Nelson became a cabaret legend in the 1950's ...Portia Nelson, songwriter and popular cabaret singer, dies at age 80; photo (M)WHEN asked whether he had any grapefruit desserts on the menu, Eric Ripert, the chef and an owner of Le Bernardin in Manhattan, said no. ''But Maguy has grapefruit every day,'' he added, referring to Maguy Le Coze, the co-owner. ''For her figure.'...Brilliant ruby grapefruit is inspiring some pasty chefs; recipes; photos (M)LIKE a bride preparing for the big day, Bethpage State Park has undergone extensive renovations for the 2002 U.S. Open, which will be held on the Black Course there. A glassed catering facility has been added, and the clubhouse's casual cafeteria ...Joanne Starkey reviews A W Stevens restaurant in Bethpage (NY) State Park; photo (M)Kendall-Jackson, the California winemaker, has had its share of mishaps since it arrived in the vine-covered Andean foothills and valleys of western Argentina in 1996.     Ferocious hailstorms mangled one grape harvest. An early overreliance on oa...Foreign winemakers are remaking Argentina's long-slumbering wine industry into potential export powerhouse; more than $250 million in foreign investment is plowed into new wineries, refurbishing old ones and joint ventures with undercapitalized Argentine companies; photos; list of international wine production and exports in 2000 (M)"