b"With iMovie being shipped with every Macintosh iBook and promoted in television advertisements, the 10-gigabyte hard drive that comes as standard equipment with the unit will quickly prove inadequate for anyone trying to edit even a short digital ...LaCie PocketDrive adds up to 30 gigabytes of storage to Apple iBook laptop computers; photo (S)In the wake of a round of corporate belt-tightening at the Walt Disney  Company, an influential group of programmers led by the computer designer Alan Kay is leaving the company's research division, where the team has worked on an educational prog...Influential group of computer programmers led by Alan Kay is leaving Walt Disney Co's research division, where team has worked on education programming system known as Squeak; is taking voluntary buyout offer; Squeak group is departing as Disney has scaled back number of its ambitious Internet plans (M)Steve Jobs stood just inside the main entrance to Pixar Animation Studios, gazing across the broad atrium, flanked by sandblasted-steel bridges, that forms the main artery of the building. Dozens of Pixar's 550 workers -- animators, computer techn...Pixar Animation Studios opens new $88 million headquarters, Emeryville, Calif; chairman Steve Jobs, who owns 60 percent of company, comments; growing popularity of computer-generated animation cited; photos (M)NOT that long ago, viognier was a hot grape in California. It wasn't destined to be the next chardonnay, but it was thought of as an alternative white for in-the-know wine drinkers. But several obstacles have blocked the path to stardom for this g...Eric Asimov Tastings column on viognier grape; some California labels noted (S)FROM the specials on the compact, ever-changing menu at Joe & Maggie's Bistro, a dining companion chose an appetizer salad. On arrival it reminded her, she said, of antipasto put through a shredder: lettuces, good Gorgonzola cheese, sweet and hot ...David Corcoran reviews Joe & Maggie's Bistro in Long Branch, NJ; photo (M)I don't know about men, but there's nothing better for a woman's ego than looking like a million bucks when it costs you only 50. Let me tell you what I mean. I used to have the longest hair, down to the middle of my back, and one day in the 1970'...Critic's Notebook: True Chic: Ever Rarer Even in Its Natural Habitat**Critic's Notebook column on New York City's Madison Avenue representing fashion chic; photo (M)THE British had it right. Afternoon tea can be a great restorative, a picker-upper after a day of frenzied activity. Of course, to tea purists (like us), authentic tea means loose tea freshly brewed and steeped in a heated pot, along with boiling ...Patricia Brooks reviews Front Parlour at the British Shoppe and Celtica, tea rooms in Madison and New Haven, Conn, respectively (M)THE Bay Street Cafe in Sag Harbor is the restaurant equivalent of a starter house. That term is often applied to a small, charming, slightly down-at-the-heels abode that a young couple can afford to live in a few years before moving to larger, gra...Joanne Starkey reviews Bay Street Cafe in Sag Harbor, Long Island; photo (M)BAD English food is an old joke, and quite out of date, judging by how well I ate the last time I was in London. Yet the smirks persist, perhaps for good reason, at least when dealing with traditional English dishes.    Just consider fish and chip...Eris Asimov, in $25 and Under column, reviews Chip Shop, fish and chips shop in Park Slope, Brooklyn (M)A PLATE of food has to have balance. For example, a mild fish like skate mustn't be overwhelmed by the side dishes. They should have personality and color, but they also have to be subtle.    The answer for me is to serve three warm pur\xc3\xa9es, each o...Geoffrey Zakarian describes making three purees; recipes (Fourth of eight columns) (M)"