b"Apple Computer Inc., maker of the iMac personal computer, will open 25 retail stores this year to attract new customers by establishing more outlets for promoting its computers and software. The company will open stores in shopping areas that cate...Apple Computer Inc will open 25 retail stores this year to attract new customers by establishing outlets for promoting its computers and software (S)NEWS    Men Around Town    There's a new clown in town, and he wants to see the sights. Who better to lead the way than his urban cousin in ''Clown Around Town,'' a new production to open the Big Apple Circus's 23rd season. A zany celebration of c...Big Apple Circus to open its 23d season, Cunningham Park, Queens; Voyages: A Smithsonian Libraries Exhibtion to open at Grolier Club; photo; Mischa Santora to conduct New York Youth Symphony at Carnegie Hall; Leon Botstein to lead American Symphony Orchestra at Avery Fisher Hall; Zdenek Macal to lead New Jersey Symphony Orchestra at New Jersey Performing Arts Center; photo (M)Dr. Marye Anne Fox was a science adviser to George W. Bush when he was governor of Texas. So in March, when she was called to Washington for an interview, the rumor mill had her all but installed as the new White House science adviser.    But Dr. ...Researchers are concerned about fate of science in Bush administration; say continuing lack of presidential science adviser symbolizes what they see as troubling lack of interest in science and research; administration's proposed spending on science for next year has far more decreases than increases, key leadership positions are unfilled and grumbling has reached new heights; even Republican leaders are criticizing some of budget cuts as dangerous for nation's well-being; photo (M)Amid the Internet dot-com shakeout, Silicon Valley's focus is shifting back to more technology-driven start-up companies.    One of the companies that has set the Valley buzzing in recent weeks is Danger Research, a small start-up in Palo Alto, Ca...Danger Research reportedly develops next-generation cellular phone that combines capabilities of phone and hand-held data communications device and is based on Java software technology; Java use could give wireless Internet look and feel of Web (M)The uniting of America Online and Time Warner has caused more than a few changes in corporate culture, but one that has caused particularly loud grumbling among employees involves three words that are usually welcomed by AOL subscribers: ''You've ...AOL Time Warner is in process of switching all employees to America Online as their primary corporate e-mail program, and some employees are unhappy, believing that rival products are better; other technology companies also expect employees to use their products; such demands and employees' reaction prompt questions about whether corporate loyalty should be allowed to trump productivity and whether employees are simply resistant to change; photo (M) * Big Apple Circus, New York, which has an annual 10-month, 10-city national tour, to Emmerling Communications, New York, to handle its account, which had most recently been handled in-house. Billings were estimated at $2 million.    Roundup of recent advertising account changes (S)IT was just the kind of night Harvey Ladew would have loved. The wisteria was blooming. The drinks were flowing. One half-expected to see Mr. Ladew and his friend Billy Baldwin, martinis in hand, dive into the oval pool.    ''Harvey loved giving p...Anne Raver's Human Nature column on Ledew Topiary Gardens in Monkton, Md, which were designed by Harvey Ladew; photos (M)IF the Le Petit Cafe in Branford were a movie, it might be titled ''The Miracle on Montowese Street.'' What other way is there to describe a restaurant that is able to serve a memorable prix fixe dinner for $35?    This tiny enterprise facing the ...Patricia Brooks reviews Le Petit Cafe in Branford, Conn (M)DRINKS define the season. You can enjoy Champagne all year, but warm weather is when you add peach juice to make a bellini. Many long, cool refreshers, both alcoholic and nonalcoholic, are just right for summer sipping.     Though a frozen margari...Florence Fabricant column offers recipes for summer alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages; photo (Special Issue: Summer on Long Island) (M)FOR years, my attitude toward California sauvignon blanc was, ''Why bother?'' After all, it's hard to beat Sancerre and Pouilly-Fum\xc3\xa9 for sauvignon blanc in its purest form: crisp, piquant and herbal. New Zealand has put its brand on a bolder style...Eric Asimov comment on California saugivnon blancs; photo (S)"