b"Apple Computer is getting an unusual customer endorsement today -- an Emmy award from the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences.    Apple's Emmy is an engineering award for FireWire, an advanced data-transport technology for connecting periphera...Apple Computer is getting Emmy award for FireWire, advanced data-transport technology that has many uses but is used in television production to connect digital cameras and video-editing equipment to computer, and then shuttle images quickly and flawlessly back and forth (M)THE awesome crags of the Andes glitter like icebergs in the early morning sunlight as the plane lets down here in western Argentina, across the grassy Pampas from Buenos Aires.    Runoff from the melting Andes snows, diverted into canals built by ...Vineyards near Mendoza in hills of western Argentina are yielding grapes that are making country one of world's largest producers, with more and more first-class wines appearing with each vintage; industry is in rapid ascendancy, largely because of innovations of Dr Nicolas Catena, whose family established local reputation for red wine beginning in 1902; map; photos (M)SO there you are, standing dazed in Aisle 51 of CompUniverse or Soup-Up City, shopping for a computer for your off-to-college son or daughter. Aisles of beige boxes stretch as far as the eye can see. The sales clerks aren't even old enough to driv...David Pogue State of the Art column on bargains currently available on computers suitable for college; discusses desirability of laptop versus desktop, Macintosh versus Windows operating systems and flat-panel versus CRT monitors (M)ON a May morning in Mary Kay Rendock's fifth-grade classroom here, the sounds of the dawning school day were echoing everywhere. Lockers banged outside in the hall, 10-year-olds chattered as they settled into their seats -- and a crescendo of chim...Growing number of schools are equipping every student with portable computer to use at school and home; trend prompts debate among educators over merits and drawbacks of this approach as well as substantial cost incurred, which often is deleted from other educational resources; schools begin evaluating educational results and budgeting effects; photos (M)On a muggy Thursday morning in Washington the week before last, the recording industry lobbyist Hilary Rosen was in her Dupont Circle office doing what she does so well: working the phones.    A bill had been introduced in the House that would for...Profile of Hilary Rosen, chief lobbyist for Recording Industry Association of America; she deftly represents interests of big record companies at time when industry faces mounting complaints from consumers, antitrust regulators and legislators about online efforts, complaints from disaffected musicians and sales slump; graphs of Internet downloads and industry sales; photos (M)Fed Cuts Interest Rates For Seventh Time This Year  Citing a persistently weak business environment at home and slowing economic growth abroad, the Federal Reserve cut its benchmark interest rate by a quarter of a percentage point and signaled tha...The summer-end bumper crop of tomatoes doesn't just translate to gallons of gazpacho.     As the season's harvest draws to a close, retailers are getting creative, with a marinara-esque selection of beauty and home products.  New York retailers are offering tomato-scented votive candles and moisturing cream made from tomato derivative; Quilty's restaurant on Prince Street is planning tomato festival; drawing (Pulse column) (S)Directed by Mike Tollin  PG-13, 100 minutes      Take the romantic impulse behind F. Scott Fitzgerald's story ''Winter Dreams.'' Add some New England small-town social stratification from John P. Marquand's novel ''Point of No Return.'' Add a pinc...Lawrence Van Gelder reviews movie Summer Catch, directed by Mike Tollin; Freddie Prinze Jr and Jessica Biel star; photo (S)When I was a mean and rotten kid, I was sure that people on the bottom of the world lived their lives standing upside down, and for the better part of one day in June I lay in bed with my head hanging over the edge and the blood rushing to my scal...Jonathan Reynolds Food column on his mother's pineapple upside-down cake; recipes; photo (M) THE CONCISE BOOK   OF LYING   By Evelin Sullivan.   334 pp. New York:   Farrar, Straus & Giroux. $25.  Emily Nussbaum reviews book The Concise Book of Lying by Evelin Sullivan; drawing (M)"