b"THROUGH a quirk of fate or an act of providence, some of the world's great wines are made in some of its great beauty spots. The Napa Valley comes immediately to mind, of course, but so do the Mendoza vineyards beneath the snowy Andes in Argentina...R W Apple Jr report on wines of Margaret River, Australia; photos; map (L)Jean-Louis Gass\xc3\xa9e, founder and chief executive of the operating system company Be Inc., resigned on Monday. The company, which sold its technology assets and intellectual property to Palm for $11 million in August, made innovative software that wa...Jean-Louis Gassee resigns as chief executive of Be Inc (S)The pomegranate, one of the world's oldest fruits, has become the beauty industry's newest darling. Its slightly astringent properties, hydrating powers and light scent can now be found in a variety of products, among them exfoliating scrubs and f...Pomegranates are being used in variety of new beauty products, including exfoliating scrubs and fragrances; photo (Pulse column) (M)CONSIDER the onion ring, at best intensely satisfying though rarely exciting. Yet in the hands of Floyd Cardoz, the executive chef of Bread Bar at Tabla, the simple onion ring achieves unexpected sublimity. Dredged in chickpea flour and corn meal,...Eric Asimov reviews Bread Bar at Tabla, Madison Ave at 25th Street (M)MATTHEW KENNEY is really two chefs. The first one cares about good food and has an adventurous, roving eye for unusual ingredients and flavors, usually Mediterranean, that he uses to modernize bistro dishes. This is the Matthew Kenney who delighte...William Grimes reviews Commissary, bistro on Upper East Side; photo (M)Best Bet       Since members of the Twin Shores Chorus heard a visiting quartet from Russia that 10 years ago toured the United States, they knew that barbershop singing had dedicated practitioners in that country.     But they were surprised when...NOTHING more than very thin cakes filled with sweetness, crepes are the antithesis of the overwrought dessert. They lie low and deliver clear, simple satisfaction. No wonder so many chefs who fancy themselves the Gaud\xc3\xads of sugar have forgotten the...Regina Schrambling comments on pleasures of simple crepes as dessert; photos; recipes (L)Following is a transcript of Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg's inaugural address yesterday, as recorded by The New York Times:      Thank you, Reverend, clergy, elected officials, honest guests, my fellow citizens. I am honored and humbled to serve as ...Text of New York City Mayor Michael R Bloomberg's inaugural address; photo (M)THINGS have changed.     Despite a competitive industry and a shaky economy, several brave new restaurants carved out a notable niche for themselves in the county last year. These innovative newcomers have attracted a loyal clientele almost from t...M H Reed reviews restaurants in Westchester County, NY, that deserve special note for their exceptional food, ambience or service; list; photos (L)Now that every computer and every apartment is a potential recording studio and every musician could be a do-it-yourself independent label, more than 20,000 albums are released each year, more than any single fan, radio station or critic could pos...New York Times pop and jazz critics -- Jon Pareles, Neil Strauss and Ben Ratliff -- list their favorite underdog albums of 2001: albums that hail from around the world and all over musical map, including some zones that are too ne to have names; photo (M)"