b"Apple Computer Inc. settled a lawsuit today with Future Power, a computer maker that was building Windows-based personal computers that looked like Apple's iMac.    Future Power, a closely held company based in Santa Clara, said it had agreed to c...Apple Computer Inc settles suit against Future Power, computer maker that built Windows-based personal computers that looked like Apple's iMac; Future Power says it agreed to comply with court order that bars it from selling 15-inch all-in-one computer with translucent cover until Feb 2004; can sell newly designed 17-inch computer with colored plastic cover (S)IMAGINE biting into a crisp, perfectly ripe apple. Next, imagine that piercingly pure apple flavor in a lightly carbonated, lightly alcoholic drink made subtly more complex through fermentation, and you have a tall glass of cool apple cider, a ref...Eric Asimov says hard, or fermented, cider is making a comeback and recommends several; photo (S)With all eyes on the top filly Perfect Sting and the favored King Cugat, Forbidden Apple sneaked away from the field on his way to a front-running three-quarter-length victory yesterday in the $400,000 Manhattan Handicap at Belmont.    Forbidden A...Forbidden Apple wins Manhattan Handicap at Belmont Park (M)BY announcing last month that it would no longer sell tires to the Ford Motor Company, Bridgestone/Firestone Inc. completed the unraveling of a relationship that had spanned nearly a century.    But in the arena of business alliances, the surprise...Dissolution of Ford Motor's tire supply relationship with Bridgestone/Firestone is especially remarkable because collaboration lasted 95 years, whereas one-third to two-thirds of all corporate alliances unravel and dissolve within decade of inception; prompts consideration of other business alliances, including those between Dow Chemical and Corning Glass, Microsoft and Intel, KLM and Northwest Airlines and IBM, Apple and Motorola; photos (M)Women who work at a popular attraction in Middlefield have complained to a state agency that the company tolerated a male manager's persistent sexual harassment and promoted him despite their complaints. Eighteen women left their jobs at the touri...Connecticut State Commission on Human Rights and Opportunities investigates charges of sexual harassment brought by 18 women employed at Lyman Farm, a tourist site in Middleton, against manager, Frank Cavaliere (S)WHEN we saw the faux Wild West facade of Dakota in Milford, our first thought was: ''Uh-oh,  We're in for a mass-feed joint.''    The large interior was no more reassuring. A stuffed grizzly bear stood on two legs near the bar. The oak floor and p...Patricia Brooks reviews Dakota restaurant in Milford, Conn (M)STEVEN GAMBREL and Michael Bruno wanted to open an antiques shop that would take advantage of their combined aesthetic flair. Hence, Summerstock, a stylish seasonal store in Sagaponack, N.Y., that is filled with vintage and antique home furnishing...Steven Gambrel and Michael Bruno to open vintage and antique home furnishings shop in Sagaponack, NY, on June 16; shop to be seasonal; photo (S)THE advertising awards season is nearing its peak as several organizations are about to present honors for effectiveness and creativity. And for those who go away empty-handed this time, there is word of new awards to come.    Nissan North America...American Marketing Association's New York chapter gives top prize in its Effie Awards, which recognize effectiveness in advertising, to Nissan North America and its agency, TBWA/Chiat/Day; DDB Worldwide wins top prize at Radio Mercury Awards show, run by Radio Creative Fund, for most creative radio commercial; Cliff Freeman & Partners and Goodby, Silverstein & Partners are set to get top honors at American Advertising Awards competition sponsored by American Advertising Federation; Association of National Advertisers plans to begin giving awards recognizing consumer advertising aimed at various niche markets; photo (M)Some restaurants hire consultants and big-name designers to create a personality. Others simply have one. D'Artagnan Restaurant and Rotisserie not only has personality, it has character. It is odd, even a little goofy, and utterly sincere in its d...William Grimes Diner's Journal review of D'Artagnan Restaurant and Rotisserie on East 46th Street; photo (S)LUT\xc3\x88CE is one of the oldest, most celebrated French restaurants in New York, a byword for refined cuisine and high style. But like many long-running shows, it has shown signs of fatigue in recent years.    Andr\xc3\xa9 Soltner, who opened the restaurant ...William Grimes reviews Lutece, one of oldest, most celebrated French restaurants in New York City, on East 50th Street; photos (M)"