b"They represent the rival styles of the graying personal computer industry, and they don't seem to like each other very much.    In one corner stands the 46-year-old Steven P. Jobs, co-founder and chairman of Apple Computer, the former prodigy who ...Apparent personal grudge between Apple Computer co-founder Steven P Jobs and Dell Computer founder Michael S Dell has only intensified as personal computer industry has started to shrink after decades of rapid growth; Dell is again predicting Apple's demise, while Jobs recently used boxy portable Dell computer as foil to show off features of Apple's sleek new laptop; graphs comparing companies' industry rankings; tables of biographical data; photos (M)Laptop computer users who dislike touch-pad or TrackPoint cursor control systems have long been able to purchase miniature mice to run alongside their computers. Atek Electronics' Super Mini Optical Mouse, however, is so small that it can perch in...Atek Electronics' new Super Mini Optical Mouse is so small that it can perch in front of keyboard on most laptop computers; photo (M)The Hoagy Carmichael-Frank Loesser standard ''Heart and Soul'' is so familiar as a basic three-chord keyboard exercise banged out by people who can barely play the piano that it's easy to forget that the song is actually about something. And in hi...Stephen Holden reviews Phillip Officer's cabaret show at Arci's Place; photo (M)Greenwich Car Show      Count Louis Zborowski, an early 20th-century sports car enthusiast who lived in England, built a series of cars that came to be known as Chitty Chitty Bang Bang I, II, III and IV.    Car No. 2, built in 1921, is the only su...NO wines taste more of spring to me than riesling kabinetts from the Mosel-Saar-Ruwer region of Germany. Graceful and delicate, they capture the fresh feeling of those ideal sunny days of May, when the temperature has warmed enough to coax out flo...Eric Asimov comments on rieslings; photo (S)CHINGHALLE  *  [Rating: one star]  (212) 242-3200; 50 Gansevoort Street (between Greenwich and Washington Streets); $$; Review: 12/20/00.      In France, a brasserie typically specializes in beer and Alsatian food; in fact, the word itself is Fren...Excerpts from previously published reviews of New York City brasseries (M)THE hostess snatches a stack of menus and stalks to our table without a backward glance. We have been bad; we are 10 minutes late for our 5:30  reservation. She is further vexed that our guests haven't arrived. She  hopes they show up soon, she sa...Karla Cook reviews Acacia restaurant in Lawrenceville, NJ; photo (M)IN the northeast corner of Putnam, antiquing is the name of the game, and after shoppers have exhausted themselves browsing in local shops, they can seek a respite at the Vine Bistro, a stylish cafe in the town center.    In the last 10 years, thi...Review of Vine Bistro restaurant in Putnam, Conn (M)FIVE years ago, this appealing waterfront eating spot, then known as The Sand Bar, was little more than a concession stand, with a menu of basic shore food like hot dogs, burgers, chicken and ribs. About two miles south of Playland, the location h...M H Reed reviews Seaside Johnnies restaurant in Rye, NY; photos (M)Shaquille O'Neal squared his body and grabbed the  rebound. Dropping back like a quarterback, he went long, aiming for his favorite receiver.    There were other, more awesome sequences, dunks more scintillating than the one Kobe Bryant threw down..."