b"Largely on the strength of its hot-selling one-inch-thick titanium-clad portable computer, Apple Computer surprised Wall Street today by reporting a net profit of $43 million, or 12 cents a share, for its second fiscal quarter.    After a loss in ...Apple Computer surprises Wall Street by reporting net profit of $43 million for its second fiscal quarter; revenue was $1.43 billion, down 26 percent from $1.95 billion year ago; company had loss of $247 million in first fiscal quarter; co-founder-chief executive Steven P Jobs comments (M)A LONG, boring wait in line -- that is the typical lot of grocery shoppers.    The information age has gotten only so far at the supermarket. Bar codes and scanners have sped up checkout, but scanners are still not that smart; they are easily stum...Computer researchers are developing programs and devices intended to bypass supermarket checkers by recognizing loose produce items at checkout; drawing (M)Craft is a work-ethic restaurant. As the name artfully, or craftily, suggests, the cooking concentrates on fundamentals, with ingredients subjected to the bare minimum of manipulation. That's part of the idea. The other part is the job set aside f...Hewlett Warns on Profit And Plans to Cut Some Jobs  Hewlett-Packard warned that its quarterly earnings would fall short of Wall Street's estimates by at least 50 percent. It said it would eliminate as much as 20 percent of its managerial staff and...BIRCH syrup, like maple syrup, is made from sap but is otherwise so different that you would not squander it on pancakes.     It is produced not in New England but in Alaska.   Comment on birch syrup; photo (S)I.B.M. continued to buck the global trend of doom and gloom yesterday with an announcement of quarterly profits that met analysts' expectations.    The company's earnings for the quarter ended March 31 rose 15 percent, to $1.75 billion, from $1.52...IBM reports earnings for quarter ended March 31 rose 15 percent, to $1.75 billion, from $1.52 billion in year-earlier period; revenue rose 9 percent, to $21.04 billion (M)Stock prices rose early yesterday morning and then roared higher after the Federal Reserve unexpectedly cut interest rates.    Investors were already celebrating a better-than-expected earnings report from Intel that came after the market closed o...Stock prices soar after Federal Reserve unexpectedly cuts interest rates; Nasdaq composite index gains 156.22 points, or 8.1 percent, to close at 2,079.44; Dow Jones industrial average climbs 399.10 points, or 3.9 percent, to 10,615.83; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index gains 46.35 points, or 3.9 percent, to 1,238.16; graph; charts (M)Bruce Hampton is the 1970's rock star who wasn't: a comic, bearish, dadaist spieler with a deep Georgia accent, a Dali in the body of a Southern wrestler.    The one album he made with the Hampton Grease Band in 1971, ''Music to Eat,'' remains an ...Ben Ratliff reviews concert by Bruce Hampton and his band, Code Talkers, at Irving Plaza (S)TINTO  (718) 243-2010; 60 Henry Street (Cranberry Street), Brooklyn Heights; $$; $25 and Under: 2/21/01.      Spanish tapas bars are increasingly popular in New York, and Tinto really looks the part with leather banquettes, dim chandeliers and can...Excerpts from previously published reviews of Tapas restaurants in New York City (Good Eating column) (M)BILL FLUHARTY is a spy. He watches people in their cars. Along with colleagues at Johnson Controls, where Mr. Fluharty is vice president for industrial design in North America, he films drivers and passengers on the open road, unawares, from a pas..."