b"To the Editor:    After snapping some pictures today of the ruins on Lower Broadway -- where there was a tremendous police presence -- I turned to walk over the Brooklyn Bridge. There, no one checked me, my friend or the hundreds of others enterin...Bill Apple letter deplores lack of security at Brooklyn Bridge walkwayWORLD War III?    Not really. World War I was essentially a struggle for Western Europe, fought primarily by massed infantry formations, in France and northern Italy and at Gallipoli on the Dardanelles. World War II covered the whole world, involv...R W Apple Jr discusses how Pres Bush's campaign against terrorism will be nothing like World Wars I or II; observes this war will be more ambiguous, more shadowy; finds it will be more like war on drugs or war on poverty or ongoing war on crime; photo of rough terrain in Afghanistan (M)Two weeks after the devastating attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, the question of the hour here is this: Does the Bush administration have a well-defined plan of action in what it calls the war on terrorism, or is it groping its ...R W Apple analysis of indications that Bush administration is still groping its way toward plan of action in what it calls war on terrorism, even though plan appeared well defined when Pres Bush addressed Congress on Sept 20 (M)The 2001 Chrysler Design Awards will be awarded to seven people on Oct. 17. ''They engage us in a visceral, direct way, and make us curious,'' said Leslie Gill, a Manhattan architect who helped oversee the awards, which are $10,000 each. One winne...Chrysler Design Awards for 2001 will be given to Kathryn Gustafson, Stefan Sagmeister, Susan Kare, Daniel Rozin, Thom Mayne, Robert Mangurian and Mary-Anne Ray; photos (S)The patterns of human history mix decency and depravity in equal measure. We often assume, therefore, that such a fine balance of results must emerge from societies made of decent and depraved people in equal numbers. But we need to expose and cel...Stephen Jay Gould Op-Ed column says that at time of tragedy and terrorism we must affirm essential truth that good and kind people outnumber others by thousands to one; tells one tiny story, of delivering warm apple brown bettys sent by local restaurant to rescue crews at World Trade Center site (M)STUDENTS from the Bedford Road Elementary School in Pleasantville won't be going to Lincoln Center to see the Big Apple Circus, as planned. Ardsley High School's planned exchange program with French students has been canceled. And like many other ...School districts across Westchester County, in wake of terrorist attacks, are reconsidering, canceling or delaying field trips (M)Best Bet      The Long Island Fair must be doing something right. It's been around for 159 years, which makes it one of the oldest agricultural festivals in the United States. The newest edition begins its six-day run on Thursday at Old Bethpage V...'You're a little late,'' Jean-Luc Godard says, smiling as he opens the glass door to his basement office. ''Did you get into traffic driving from Geneva? It always seems to take longer to get places than it used to. It's like the postal service. P...Lawrence Osborne profile and interview with 70-year-old French film director Jean-Luc Godard, whose latest film is Eloge de l'Amour; photo (L)2THE Cosmopolitan Building, as it was originally known, was designed by Stanford White in the early 1980's and housed the executive offices of Cosmopolitan magazine. Since then, the imposing building provided space for a few more publications and f...RUDIN-Lewis. The faculty and staff of the Center for Complementary and Integrative Medicine of Weill Medical College extend our heartfelt condolences to the family of Lewis Rudin. We thank Mr. Rudin for his generous support and his many years of s..."