b"Apple Computer Inc. announced yesterday a series of aggressive performance improvements and price cuts on its desktop computers for consumers and professionals, and previewed the first upgrade of its new OS X operating system.    The pace of the i...Apple Computer Inc announces series of aggressive performance improvements and price cuts on its desktop computers for consumers and professionals, and previews first upgrade of its new OS X operating system; chief executive Steven Jobs demonstrates new operating system at Macworld Expo in New York; photo (M)Apple Computer Inc. reported quarterly earnings yesterday that exceeded Wall Street's expectations, but its sales were slightly below analysts' estimates.     The quarterly results suggest that Apple is managing its business efficiently during a d...Apple Computer Inc reports profits for fiscal third quarter of $61 million, compared with $200 million year earlier; sales for quarter were $1.48 billion (M)The wear and tear on Nancy Scranton's left shoulder became so unbearable five years ago that she decided to have reconstructive surgery. Successful surgery and obtaining a new teacher as an outgrowth of her rehabilitation has rejuvenated her caree...Nancy Scranton leads after first round of Sybase Big Apple Classic golf tournament; photo (M)The small greens firmed up at Wykagyl Country Club today and as a result, the scores were much higher than on opening day. With no rain in the forecast for this weekend, the greens will be even firmer for the final two rounds of the Sybase Big App...Nancy Scranton and Karen Stupples share lead after two rounds at Sybase Big Apple Classic golf tournament; photo (M)Including last year, Rosie Jones has twice finished second at the Sybase Big Apple Classic, the lone L.P.G.A. stop in the New York metropolitan area. Determined to finish one better this time, she is in position to accomplish her goal.    Jones sh...Rosie Jones leads after third round of Sybase Big Apple Classic golf tournament; photo (M)An article in Circuits on July 12 about Apple Computer's new retail stores misstated the history of the company's relationship with several retailers. Apple's announcement that it would stop selling computers through Best Buy, Circuit City, Of-fic...Correction of July 12 article on Apple Computer's new retail stores regarding history of company's relationship with several retailersFashion-savvy restaurants have taken to matching courses as if they were clothes, offering desserts that echo ingredients used in main dishes. To tempt the calorie-phobic, pastry chefs are leaning almost as heavily on the savory as they are on the...Some desserts for calorie-phobic restaurant diners in Manhattan noted; photo (Pulse column) (S)Greenspan Suggests Fed May Reduce Rates Again  Alan Greenspan, the Federal Reserve chairman, said that the economy remained weak and susceptible to more bad news, and he suggested that the Fed might cut interest rates at least once more this year....A Strong Rally in Stocks On Positive Profit Reports  A handful of positive earnings reports set off a broad-based rally on Wall Street, sending the Dow Jones industrial average up 1.3 percent as investors grew more confident about companies' prosp...YOU do not have to be French to open a restaurant in the cellar of the 200-year-old building on Big Shop Lane in Ridgefield, but it does seem to be a pattern. Luc's Cafe-Restaurant is the latest in a string of Gallic occupants of this attractive, ...Patricia Brooks reviews Luc's Cafe-Restaurant in Ridgefield, Conn (M)"