b"Apple Computer, saying it has been buoyed by strong sales to schools and students, reported today results for its fourth quarter that exceeded analysts' expectations.    But the company said its own expectations for the current quarter are below t...Apple Computer reports fiscal fourth-quarter profit of $65 million on revenue of $1.45 billion, exceeding analysts' expectations; cautions that computer sales for holiday season may not meet expectations (M)To the Editor:    The copy-protection scheme for Windows XP that you describe in ''Dear User: This Bootleg Copy Will Self-Destruct in 30 Days'' (Sept. 6) appears identical to the notorious ''challenge response'' system utilized by some software ma...Richard Einhorn letter on Sept 6 article says copy-protection scheme for Windows XP seems identical to 'challenge response' system utized by some software manufacturers in Mac worldAnthrax is not contagious, but fear is.    There was ample evidence of that today, the most unsettling day this taut city has seen since Sept. 11.  Whoever has made a target of newsrooms and Capitol Hill offices with letters containing white powde...Analysis of fear that has invaded Capitol after more than 30 workers on Capitol Hill test positive for exposure to anthrax; notes that House and Senate officials are unable to present united front at moment of crisis, with Speaker J Dennis Hastert announcing that House members will go home until Oct 23, and Senate majority leader Tom Daschle saying Senate would stay in session; says most damaging to leadership has been lack of definitive public information about source, nature and intensity of exposure; says Hastert's decision is being privately sneered at by members of both parties, even though it had been seconded by House minority leader Richard A Gephardt; says for rest of Washington, life is unfolding in its usual, matter-of-fact way; says Pres Bush is en route to conference in Shanghai, having sided with aides who said he must go through with trip if he expects country to take seriously his repeated urging to get on with life as usual; photo (M)Toward the end of his news conference last week, President Bush turned to the hard topics of war and sacrifice.    Having commented earlier, as he has done so often since Sept. 11, that ''the American people have got to go about their business'' a...Pres Bush, in calling for sacrifices in war on terrorism, is hemmed in by nature of foe, not nation or ideology but bands of terrorists seeking to produce paralysis; appeals for normality, which implies giving up little or nothing and seems incongruous with sacrifice; has yet to find way to involve American people as whole in attacks on Afghanistan and risks loss of interest over long term; photos (M)Q. What is Internet 2? Is it a separate network from the original Internet?    A. Internet 2 is a nonprofit project  to develop more advanced networking applications and new technologies. It is not meant to be a replacement for the Internet that w...UNTIL recently flat-panel liquid crystal display monitors played the same role that credenzas once did in corporate offices: they were given only to senior managers as a sign of their status.     But L.C.D. monitors are making their way down the t...Ian Austen assesses lower-cost flat-panel liquid crystal display computer monitors priced for houseld users; photos (M)HOT air rises, but none too easily inside computers, because the source of most of the heat -- the silicon chips that run the show -- are buried deep in the machine.     These chips are getting ever hotter as more and more transistors are crowded ...Researchers are working on innovative techniques to keep computer chips cool; efforts range from noiseless fans to microchannels carved into chips; drawing (M)FOR years now, digital cameras have been nice gadgets for the amateur photographer. They offer instant gratification in viewing or sending, without the cost of film or development. And they lend themselves to all sorts of other possibilities once ...Professional photographers are increasingly experimenting with digital cameras as adjunct to film; some favor digital cameras for certain situations or effects; a few use them exclusively; sampling of Web sites that discuss or showcase digital photography; photos (M)"