b"Apple Computer cut prices up to $1,000 on its desktop and portable computers yesterday. The company made the changes quietly, by posting the lowered prices on its Web sites with no public announcement. A spokeswoman said the company was currently ...Apple Computer cuts prices up to $1,000 on its desktop and portable computers (S)The Starbucks Coffee Company and the Microsoft Corporation said yesterday that they would join forces to offer wireless access to the Internet from Starbucks coffeehouses.    The companies said they would work with the MobileStar Network Corporati...Starbucks Coffee Co and Microsoft Corp say they will join forces to offer wireless access to Internet from Starbucks coffeehouses; will work with MobileStar Network Corp; Starbucks says service will be available in about 70 percent of its 4,000 stores in one to two years (M)OATMEAL, look at you now.     Considered coarse, lowly fare for most of its thousand-year history, oatmeal was known as the kind of food tattered urchins choked down in ill-heated orphanages. Writers from Pliny to Samuel Johnson dismissed the stuf...New York restaurants offer oatmeal in preparations that are distinctly adult; photos; recipes (M)NOTHING pleases a restaurant reviewer more than to begin a new year with a bang, by finding an exciting new restaurant. In 2001 the bang comes early from Porcupine in Stamford, occupying a space that formerly housed Kathleen.     Why the name Porc...Patricia Brooks reviews Porcupine restaurant in Stamford, Conn (M)The Greatest Show On Hiatus      Barnum's Kaleidoscape, the one-ring circus in Bryant Park that charged $75 a ticket for its velvety couch seating, has folded its plush tent.  An official of Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus told the 12...Public Lives column; Barnum's Kaleidoscape, one-ring circus in New York, closes prior to planned move to San Diego, Calif, to create new show, laying off 124 people; New York Gov George Pataki, in annual address to Legislature, teases State Senator Roy M Goodman, calling him Landslide Goodman, referring to close election; Richard C Holbrooke, representative to United Nations, will move to Council on Foreign Relations as transition back to private life; photo (M)Federal investigators have cleared Gov. John G. Rowland of any wrongdoing regarding corrupt investment deals made by a former Republican ally whom Mr. Rowland appointed state treasurer in 1997, state and federal officials said today.     The forme...Federal investigators clear Gov John G Rowland of Connecticut of any wrongdoing regarding corrupt investment deals made by former Republican ally Paul J Silvester, whom Rowland appointed state treasurer in 1997; Silvester pleaded guilty in September 1999 to bribery and corruption charges for taking bribes in return for investing $527.5 million from state pension fund in five private investment firms; four other people, including former Republican candidate for secretary of state, have been indicted in case; Silvester has not yet been sentenced (M)IT'S the next Cancun. The label has stuck on Punta Cana. In the travel trade press. On the tongues of agents. Even in the popular press, it's all you hear about the formerly barren eastern tip of the Dominican Republic. That, and phrases like ''ho...Scott Norvell article on Punta Cana, formerly barren eastern tip of Dominican Republic that has been transformed into beach resort drawing over million people a year; photos; map (M)In mainstream political circles, the Green Party is remembered as having cost Vice President Al Gore the election by pulling in enough votes for Ralph Nader to assure victory for George W. Bush.    But here amid the vineyards and apple orchards of...Members of Green Party have become messengers of change and elected alternatives to Republicans and Democrats in Sebastapol, Calif, where they hold three of five elected positions of leadership in municipal government; 32 of 240 Greens candidates won election in dozen states, giving party total of 79 elected officials in 21 states--gains that make party one of biggest American political entities behind Republican and Democratic parties; photos (M)"