b"APPLE may have revolutionized computing by popularizing overlapping windows, file icons and the mouse, but that was a while ago. When Apple designed the original Macintosh operating system, ''CD'' stood for ''certificate of deposit,'' ''The Dukes ...David Pogue column appraises Mac OS X operating system that Apple Computer has introduced for Macintosh computers; photo; drawing (M)Extreme is the right word for Sonicblue's Rio 800 Extreme, which is, for the moment, the longest-playing MP3 player based on chip memory on the market. It has extremely large memory and an extremely large price, and it may become extremely difficu...Sonicblue introduces Rio 800 Extreme, MP3 player that can play 12 hours of medium-fidelity Windows Media Player digital music or 7 to 8 hours of high-fidelity music in Apple QuickTime format; photo (M)Q. My U.S.B. scanner says that it needs a driver and wants to look on the Internet for it. What does this mean and how does it work?    A. Drivers are pieces of software that allow your operating system to communicate with hardware devices and pro...Is Madison Avenue fed up with the Internet?    To hear executives at Web sites like Yahoo tell it, big traditional advertisers have not filled the ad void left by failed and struggling dot-coms.  Big markerters find they can sell their products on Internet by making fuller use of their own Web sites to communicate and build relationships with people who are already interested in learning more about their products; are also using e-mail, rather than placing advertisements, to alert customers and prospects to new offerings; some are allocating smaller part of their budgets to renting banners on other people's sites (M)During fashion week in Paris, the city puts on a festival of style, rather than a trade show like other fashion capitals. Parisians dress up to attend designer collections. It's all part of the Gallic cultural education, which spans the generation...Photos of fashions seen in Paris during Fashion WeekChoreography for children may look simple, but the trick is to showcase their abilities without condescension. Eliot Feld has kept this balance in mind in Kids Dance, the children's group he established as a sibling to his senior troupe, Ballet Te...Anna Kisselgoff reviews program by Kids Dance, children's group established by Eliot Feld as sibling to his senior troup, Ballet Tech; photo (M)212  (212) 249-6565; 133 East 65th Street (between Madison and Park Avenues); $$; Article: 6/23/99.      A bar specializing in vodkas occupies much of the garden-level room in this brownstone restaurant, a place that knows how to put on a party....TRAVELING along the main routes of Jackson Heights and Corona, Queens, is like taking a trip to the United Nations. Flags and cultures of disparate countries abound. While there are video stores and clothing shops, most of the storefronts are devo...Eric Asimov, in $25 and Under column, reviews La Esquina Criolla, in Corona, Queens (M)I TASTED more than I could count. Each time, a cool stream coursed through my mouth, leaving a trail of honey and melon, green apple and almonds. Sometimes even salt. Then I'd have a sliver of jam\xc3\xb3n, a fried anchovy or a shrimp fritter, and thirst...Amanda Hesser article on manzanilla sherry, which is almost inescapable in restaurants in Seville and has even made inroads in New York; photos (L)The conventional wisdom is that this year's mayoral campaign will be a search for a gentler version of Rudolph Giuliani, someone who can preserve the city's gains without bruising its spirit. But in fact this should be a big-picture election. The ...Editorial articulates new themes candidates for New York City mayor should bring to debate over city's future; says campaign should search for gentler version of Rudolph Giuliani, who can preserve city's gains without bruising its spirit (M)"