b"Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day on Wednesday about the introduction of the XP version of Microsoft's Windows operating system compared the timing incorrectly with that of Apple Computer's Macintosh OS X system. XP is schedu...Correction of Feb 14 article on introduction of XP version of Microsoft's Windows operating system, regarding timing with that of Apple Computer's Macintosh OS X systemIT'S a silly question, maybe, but one worth asking: What shape would President Bush be in if Bill Clinton had just skipped the last week of his presidency and left town quietly, without pardoning the fugitive commodities trader Marc Rich, without ...Pres Bush is seen getting free ride from the press so far because of continuing bad publicity attached to Bill Clinton on issues such as presidential pardons; photo (M)Stung by slowing personal computer sales and continuing antitrust battles, Microsoft introduced a new version of its  Windows software today, one that it hopes will help restore the company to its glory days of the 1990's.    Calling the 18-year-o...William H Gates introduces new version of Microsoft's Windows software called Windows XP; says Windows XP version will be most important Windows release since Windows 95, blockbuster that generated worldwide attention and made Windows nearly synonymous with personal computing; analysts are less buoyant, with some questioning whether XP will provide 'upgrade pop'--users either buying new machines or installing XP over existing versions--that made Windows 95 so successful but has been absent from last two revisions, Windows 2000 and Windows Me; photo (M)WORLD WAR 3.0  Microsoft and Its Enemies  By Ken Auletta  Illustrated. 436 pages. Random House. $27.95.    PRIDE BEFORE THE FALL  The Trials of Bill Gates and the End of the Microsoft Era  By John Heilemann  Illustrated. 246 pages. HarperCollins. ...Christopher Lehmann-Haupt reviews two books on Microsoft antitrust case: World War 3.0: Microsoft and its Enemies by Ken Auletta, and Pride Before the Fall: The Trials of Bill Gates and the End of the Microsoft Era by John Heilemann; photos (M)FOR many wine drinkers, the holy grail is an unpretentious, versatile wine that can be enjoyed with dinner any night of the week.    No selling stock to buy a bottle, no special meal so as not to overpower a wine's delicate qualities, no special c...Eric Asimov column offers recommendations for pinot blancs from Alsace; photo (M)ONCE filled with quirky d\xc3\xa9cor and a great deal of noise, the modest dining room of McKinney & Doyle Fine Food has been given a new identity. Some whimsy remains -- the charming wooden bear, a clothesline pinned with dollar bills, brick walls (now ...M H Reed revies McKinney & Doyle Fine Food restaurant in Pawling, NY; photos (M)IT'S hard to imagine anyone but Tom Hanks playing the prison-guard protagonist of THE GREEN MILE (1999). Even death row was a gentler, more humane place during the Depression in this film, written and directed by Frank Darabont and based on the se...REFINED, often remarkably good food at reduced prices is the story at the three-month-old Giraffe Room in the Inn at Great Neck. There have been a number of restaurants in this  little hotel at 30 Cutter Mill Road (516-773-2000) in the heart of Gr...Richard Kay Scholem reviews Giraffe Room in Inn at Great Neck, Long Island; photo; (A La Carte column) (M)CITY HALL  **  [Rating: two stars]  (212) 227-7777; 131 Duane Street, at Church Street; $$; smoking in the lounge; all major credit cards.      This smart restaurant has a pared-down, straightforward menu that appeals to current tastes. Starters i...Excerpts from previously published reviews of restaurants in Manhattan's TriBeCa (Good Eating column) (M)PEOPLE sort of stumble on Bumps & Company, the little nursery that takes its name from the nickname for Gertrude Jekyll, the prickly Victorian gardener. Even if you're looking for the little sign, ''Honey for Sale,'' you're likely to miss it.    T...Anne Raver gardening column on Bumps & Company, gardening establishment in West Nyack, New York, where owners Otti and Ron Breland are busy growing plants in hotbeds, as their cats loll on sofas; photos (M)"