b"HAWAIIANS are the world's champion consumers of Spam. It's made from pork, which they like, it's cheap, and it never spoils. Mold Japanese rice into a rectangular block, slap a slice of Spam on top, wrap that with a strip of nori (seaweed) to hold...Second of three R W Apple Jr articles on Hawaii focuses on restaurants that prepare sophisticated dishes that rely on locally grown ingredients; photos (L)Lawrence J. Ellison didn't need a college degree to achieve success. Neither did William H. Gates, whom he describes as his former friend, nor Steven P. Jobs, whom he describes as a best friend now.     When Mr. Ellison's 18-year-old son, David, t...Lawrence J Ellison, who made Oracle Corp second-largest software maker in world, says he urged his son not to take college too seriously, noting that he, Bill Gates and Steve Jobs did not need a degree to succeed; photo (S)THE BRIDGE CAFE, a staple in Westport since 1994, changed hands several months ago. The current owners and chefs are Lauren Seideman and Jo Ann Plympton. They have introduced a completely new and compelling eclectic menu, which brings added verve ...Patricia Brooks reviews Bridge Cafe in Westport, Conn (M)The people and what they think has been the central question of New York politics for generations. Last week, Hunter College offered an early look at the results of their second Big Apple Poll, the only multilingual poll in the city devoted to the...Hunter College releases results of second Big Apple Poll, only multilingual poll in city devoted to public perception of quality of life; wide diversity of feelings on certain subjects depends on where respondents live; chart (M)Marika, by the sound of it, could be Swedish or Hungarian or perhaps even Japanese. The cryptic name belongs to one of the owners, Marika Somerstein, and it sheds no light on the food, which is American.    Situated two steps west of Cafe Luxembou...William Grimes Diner's Journal review of Marika, restaurant on Manhattan's Upper West Side; photo (S)Memo to my successor: Congratulations on being appointed the new United States ambassador to Belize! It is a title I have been proud to carry for the last three years.    Before I depart March 1, I want to tell you about our work here. As diplomat...Op-ed article by Carolyn Curiel, US Ambassador to Belize, disapproves of decision by Fox Television to make Belize location for filming of reality-based show, Temptation Island; despairs that pristine nation is setting for 'undignified' behavior; questions why Americans would want to portray themselves in such a bad light, and in such a public way (S)CAFE MELMAR'S finale is its finest hour. A cascade of desserts lights up tables throughout the subdued dining room at this new East Hills spot. Sid Grabill, the executive chef, who prepares them, learned his pastry making in Belgium and France and...Richard Jay Scholem reviews Cafe Melmar in East Hills, Long Island (A La Carte column) (M)ALLEY'S END +++  (212) 627-8899; 311 West 17th Street, between Eighth and Ninth Avenues; $$$; smoking at the bar; all major credit cards.      Alley's End has a lovely network of dining rooms and gardens that feel as pastoral and isolated as an oa...Excerpts from previously published reviews of romantic restaurants in Manhattan's Chelsea neighborhood (M)IT was by all means a good dish and needed nothing more.    I had roasted pork tenderloins with salt, coarse black pepper and delicate strands of orange zest. I deglazed the pan with red wine vinegar, red wine and some chicken broth and stirred in...Amanda Hesser article on the many uses of ginger in food preparation; recipe; photos (M)"