b"''God, Sex & Apple Pie,'' a comedy-drama written by, produced by and starring Jerome Courshon, breaks little new ground in the yuppie reunion genre, a formula that dates from the earliest years of American independent filmmaking (''The Return of t...Dave Kehr reviews movie God, Sex & Apple Pie, written by and starring Jerome Courshon; photo; director is Paul Leaf (S)MARC DE BOURGOGNE from Joseph Cartron is probably the most widely distributed label in the United States. Produced by a specialist distiller in Nuits-St.-Georges in Burgundy, it is a well-made spirit, thoroughly drinkable if not quite in the same ...Marc de Bourgogne from Joseph Cartron is probably most widely distributed marc label in United States (S)HARD to find outside the districts where it is produced, with a name that is often mispronounced, marc is a heady, earthy-tasting French relative of moonshine. It makes some people gag. A few nuts like me love it.    Marc (pronounced mahr, rhymes ...R W Apple Jr, in last of three articles from Burgundy and Rhone Valley, discusses marc, heady, earth-tasting French relative of moonshine; notes it is identical to grappa produced in Italy except, unlike grappa, it is aged in wood; photos (L)Siding with those of his advisers who favor the broadest possible campaign against terrorism, President Bush told Congress, the nation and the world last night that the forthcoming American effort would not cease ''until every terrorist group of g...R W Apple Jr analysis of Pres Bush's speech to joint meeting of Congress and nation; says there is tremendous public support for him, reflected in warmth of reception he received on Capitol Hill; says he rose to occasion, finding at times eloquence that has eluded him in past; says his task is to find way to satisfy desire of many Americans for dramatic early retaliation while keeping apprehensive European and Middle Eastern allies on board; says he sought to reassure segment of American public that is afraid, particularly those in Washington and New York who fear further terrorist attacks, by appointing Gov Tom Ridge, Vietnam veteran, to head new Office of Homeland Security; says many people in New York, Washington and elsewhere do remain frightened, and this is challenge Bush faces in months ahead (M)IN the short term, last week's terrorist attacks had the same effect in the personal-technology business as they had in every other walk of life: they changed our priorities.    Apple canceled its Expo 2001 in Paris next week. Business-as-usual ev...David Pogue State of The Art column on how aftermath of terrorist attacks is likely to change technology landscape; sees consumers looking for staples, not frills, in technology and less interested in electronics designed to let them keep working when at home after hours; cites emergence of cellular phone as vital personal-security gear and key role played by Internet (M)Love-in-a-Sandwich    Q.  After a lifetime of savoring thick-crusted Jewish ''corn'' bread with tangy little black seeds, I have discovered their name, love-in-a-mist (Nigella sativa). I read that the plant is grown commercially in the Mediterrane...Theater    ''GOLDILOCKS AND THE THREE BEARS,'' presented by the Papageno Puppet Theater, performed by Susan Delery Whedon, a singer and puppeteer. With music by Mozart. Today, tomorrow and Sunday at 11:30 a.m. and 2:30 p.m., through the end of the...Lewis Rudin, who headed one of New York's oldest real estate dynasties, was one of the city's biggest boosters and became a behind-the-scenes power during the fiscal crises in the 1970's and early 1990's, died yesterday at his home in Manhattan. H...Lewis Rudin, who headed one of New York's oldest real estate dynasties, was one of city's biggest boosters and became behind-the-scenes power during fiscal crises in 1970's and early 1990's, dies at age 74; photo (M)  SHANGHAI BABY   By Wei Hui.   Pocket Books, $24.Charles Wilson reviews book Shanghai Baby by Wei Hui (S)SANDLER-Herman, 57. Loving husband of Suki, devoted father of Pamela, Gillian and Jordana, role model and mentor to hundreds of young people. You encouraged us to take risks and gave us innumerable opportunities to follow our dreams, cheering us o..."