b"''True, it looks like it belongs in the Museum of Modern Art,'' read an advertisement from Apple Computer last year. ''But the G4 Cube is actually a supercomputer that belongs right on your desk.'' Now, less than a year after its introduction, the...Museum of Modern Art's design collection acquires Apple Computer's G4 Cube computer, which has gone out of production because of disappointing sales; photo (S)Palm, the maker of hand-held computers and the Palm operating system, said yesterday that it would acquire the intellectual property of Be, developer of the Be operating system. The purchase price was $11 million, to be paid in Palm stock. Palm al...Palm Inc will acquire intellectual property of Be, developer of Be operating system, for $11 million in Palm stock (S)Steven A. Ballmer, chief executive of the Microsoft Corporation, has long been known for his abundant energy, but a video that began making the rounds of the Internet last week, provides fodder for those who say his ardor can, in fact, be a little...Steven A Ballmer, chief executive of Microsoft Corp, becomes object of some ridicule in programming community after he is videotaped at internal corporate pep rally, bounding about to Gloria Estefan song and screaming about how much he loves Microsoft; photo (M)''This would upset the apple cart.''    DR. ROCKY KOLB, an astrophysicist, on a finding that a basic law of nature,  regarded as immutable, may be changing slightly over time. [A20]One company's idea of flexibility can be another company's notion of contortion.    A month ago, Microsoft announced that it would give personal computer makers greater freedom to place the software and services of Microsoft's rivals on the deskto...Personal computer makers are unhappy with conditions set by Microsoft Corp for placement of software and services of rival software companies on desktops screen of new Microsoft Windows XP operating system; conditions, which require three Microsoft icons on desktop for each non-Microsoft icon, limit PC makers' ability to sell valuable icon space to other software companies; similarly, Microsoft's abrupt announcement in July that it will not ship Windows XP with software necessary to run programs written in Java means that PC makers must quickly decide whether to install Java software themselves or drop it even though many consumers find it useful (M)ED Roberts still recalls the day in late 1975 when William H. Gates, the co-founder of Microsoft,  walked into his office, anxious and depressed. A rail-thin young man with a voice that cracked when he was excited, Mr. Gates had just turned 20. Pe...H Edward Roberts, who as president of Micro Instrumentation Telemetry Systems introduced first inexpensive general-purpose microcomputer in 1975, now regards his pivotal role in personal computer revolution with certain bemused distance; sold MITS in 1977, went on to study medicine and is now doctor in rural Cochran, Ga; photos (M)ZWEIFACH-Bernard A. We have your 10 page letters, your Big Apple pins and treasured memories of all those good years we shared with the ''Honey Bunnies''. Bernala, what a special guy! Love from the SchindlersHERE is my idea of a perfect summer meal: a delectable salad, a light sandwich, a glass or two of wine, and maybe a sweet. It's a formula to beat the heat, and it makes me want to keep returning to Panino'teca 275, an Italian sandwich and wine bar...Eric Asimov reviews Panino'teca 275, Italian sandwich and wine bar in Brooklyn ($25 and Under) (M)With the West running out of people and equipment to fight fires, the National Interagency Fire Center declared a Level 5 alert today, the trigger point for asking for help from the military.    ''We are in fact starting our talks with the Army, t...National Interagency Fire Center declares Level 5 alert, its highest level, as West runs out of people and equipment to fight fires in Nevada, Idaho and parts of eastern Oregon, as well as in north-central Washington, southern Oregon and Northern California; Level 5 alert means agency could ask military to provide firefighting instruction for its units; photo; map (M)TISH JOHNSON traces her secession from the rigors of day-to-day fashion maintenance to an evening at an Upper East Side restaurant, where an acquaintance asked how she was doing.     In the millisecond before Ms. Johnson replied, the woman eyed he...Article on increasing number of New York career women who, despite income and youth to do so, are feeling overwhelmed and opting out of high-fashion, wardrobe-centric, high-maintenance trendy lives; photo"