b"Some Macintosh computer users lost data from their hard drives as a result of a bug in a program that Apple Computer made available over the weekend, the company said yesterday. The bug was part of a program used to install the latest version of A...Some Macintosh computer users lose data from their hard drives as result of bug in program that Apple Computer made available for use in installing latest version of Apple's new music software, iTunes 2.0 (S)Apple's new MP3 player, the iPod, is the ultimate fashion accessory for the chic and famous. Introduced yesterday, the high-design white and chrome iPod is the size of a cassette tape and weighs about six ounces: small enough to  tuck into an insi...Apple's new MP3 player described; photo (S) (Pulse column)The Minnow, as the name might suggest, is small, and it specializes in fish. The chef and owner, Aaron Bashy, grew up in New England, spent several years cooking at Le Bernardin and for a time was the executive chef at Alva, so the cod, the clam a...William Grimes Diner's Journal review of The Minnow, restaurant in Park Slope, Brooklyn; photo (S)Everybody thinks Michael Bloomberg is going to languish in Rudy's shadow.    Everybody except Mayor Mike, as he wants to be called.    New York's extremely confident new leader agreed that the Giuliani endorsement ''was helpful.''  Maureen Dowd Op-Ed column interview with New York City mayor-elect Michael R Bloomberg (M)Four years almost to the day after the government first sued Microsoft for violating the terms of its antitrust settlement, the United States ended its prosecution of Microsoft with another proposed settlement. This consent decree is weaker than t...Prof Lawrence Lessig Op-Ed article opposes Justice Department's antitrust settlement with Microsoft Corp; says it relies too much on company's good faith in living up to letter and spirit of agreement and law and will be neither effective nor efficient (M)After overheated auctions at Phillips and Christie's this week, reality bit last night at Sotheby's sale of Impressionist and modern art.    The small sale -- just 38 works -- was a somber affair in comparison with the sales on Monday and Tuesday ...Small sale of 38 works at Sotheby's brings in $33.1 million, under low estimate of $38 million; 14 works fail to sell; Pissarro painting Rue Saint-Lazare brings $6.6 million, record for artist; photo (S)EVER since I spent a summer -- and a small fortune -- exploring the Hudson Valley, the Hudson House in Cold Spring has been my preferred antidote to major stress. The town itself is the most charming spot on the river, picturesque but completely r...Regina Schrambling reviews Hudson House, restaurant in Cold Spring, NY; photo (S)MEASURING the impact of the Sept. 11 attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon has become a relentless exercise among economists, politicians, journalists, historians and everyday people. In its simplest terms, taking numeric stock of dam...Impact of Sept 11 terrorist attacks is being measured and counted in various ways, from sales of television sets, airline industry layoffs, crime to soaring number of prescriptions for antidepressant and antianxiety drugs; photos; chart (L)H2O says seafood much like those other straightforward, one-word names like Coolfish, Waves and Clearwater. The Smithtown newcomer, situated in a building that once housed the Beachtree Cafe, has a common ownership with Tellers, the posh Islip ste...Joanne Starkey reviews H2O restaurant in Smithtown, Long Island; photo (M)Few artistic personalities have the international renown of Pina Bausch, the German choreographer whose latest dance-theater piece in the Next Wave Festival at the Brooklyn Academy of Music is unsurprisingly the hot ticket in town.     In ''Masurc...Anna Kisselgoff rn"