b"Struggling to cope with falling demand for its consumer products, Apple Computer reported a $247 million loss today for its first fiscal quarter, normally its strongest. A year ago Apple earned $183 million, or 51 cents a share.    Apple had warne...Apple Computer reports $247 million loss for its first fiscal quarter compared with earnings of $183 million a year earlier; says revenue for quarter matched its lowered expectations of $1 billion, 57 percent below $2.3 billion in quarter year ago (M)Not all the good news for Mac fans comes from Apple; Microsoft recently offered some good news, too. First, the company announced that it will be updating its popular Office 2001 software suite to run on Apple's Mac OS X, which goes on sale March ...Microsoft is updating its popular Office 2001 software suite to run on Apple's Mac OS X and announces a Macintosh version of Outlook, the e-mail, address book, calendar and collaboration program (S)Inevitably, a question mark hung over George W. Bush as he raised his right hand in the chill, damp air of the capital today and swore to ''preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.'' But at that very moment, through that...R W Apple Jr analysis concludes that George W Bush's swearing-in as president will help dispel challenges to his legitimacy; says nation's old rituals will begin to dissolve lingering clouds of bitter election battle; says although thousands of doubtful and disenchanted are on streets of Washington in angry protest, debate is likely to grow softer as nation grows accustomed to pictures of Bush speaking from Oval Office, boarding Air Force One, accompanied everywhere he goes by strains of 'Ruffles and Flourishes' and 'Hail to the Chief'; says in television age, these images confer mantle of authority and legitimacy on leader; photo (M)One of George W. Bush's selling points during the primary campaign last year was inclusiveness. In two campaigns for governor, he and his backers argued, he had done better among blacks and other minorities than most other Republicans, and he woul...R W Apple analysis of bitterness that many black voters and their white allies feel toward Pres-elect Bush; one analyst of minority voting says that majority of African-Americans think election was stolen in Florida (M) A small tremor centered on the Upper East Side made news last week. But for years scientists in the region have been studying the possible effects of a large earthquake on New York City.  Scientists study possible effects if large earthquake should take place in New York City; map shows where soil is hardest, and softest, which determines level of shaking; drawings (S)THE first time you plug in a digital camera, MP3 player, CD burner or any other computer peripheral that uses U.S.B. technology, chances are, you will notice how much easier they are to hook up than devices that use serial and parallel ports.    S...Connecting printers, scanners and external storage devices to a computer with a USB (Universal Serial Bus) is much easier than with serial and parallel ports, but USB has compatibility problems with older hardware, and plugging in too many USB devices at the same time can cause a noticeable slowdown; USB Implementer's Forum, a trade organized that promotes USB, has created a testing program to make sure that new products meet certain specifications; computers and peripherals with the faster USB 2.0 will be on the market later this year; photos (M)TAKE it from Mr. Hoverboard: 'IT' is not a hoverboard.     No, IT, the inventor Dean Kamen's mystery contraption, vague hints of which led to a $250,000 book contract and a slew of speculative publicity over the last two weeks, could not possibly ...Comment on speculation about inventor Dean Kamen's new mystery contraption, vague hints of which led to $250,000 book contract; outpouring of enthusiasm for what appears to be scooter-like vehicle, code-named Ginger, discussed; drawing (M)Cautious Note on Tax Cuts From Treasury Nominee  Treasury Secretary-designate Paul H. O'Neill struck a cautious note on tax cuts that departed from the position taken by President-elect George W. Bush, calling on Congress to reduce tax rates but e...WHEN New Yorkers brag about the diversity and depth of their international restaurants, they tend to gloss over a couple of facts. The food map contains some very large blank spots. Regional Mexican is one. Indian is another.    Indian restaurants...William Grimes reviews Ada, Indian restaurant on East 58th Street; photo (M)"