b"Q. Why are some letters in Windows dialogue boxes underlined? I assume this is significant.    A. Those underlined letters you see on certain dialogue box buttons are hints to the shortcuts you can perform on the keyboard instead of using a mouse ...Pixar Animation Studios said today that its second-quarter profit had risen 9.1 percent on lower research and development and administrative costs.     Net income climbed to $8.75 million, or 17 cents a share, from $8.02 million, or 16 cents, a ye...Pixar Animation Studios reports profit for 2001 second quarter rose 9.1 percent, to $8.75 million, compared with $8.02 million in year-earlier period (S)If the staff don't know your name when you walk into Charlie's, a family-run cafe, cheese shop and farm stand in Normandy Beach, you can be sure they'll know it (and how you like your eggs) by the time you leave. The husband and wife team of Tom a...Andrea Strong reviews Charlie's Cafe, Cheese Shop and Farm Market in Normandy Beach, NJ; logo (M)SO many decisions to make when staging ''Hamlet.'' Is the title character crazy, or is he a schemer just pretending to be crazy? Is his mother a weak-willed victim or an accomplice to murder? Should the play's many famous speeches be emphasized or...Neil Genzlinger reviews New Jersey Shakespeare Festival production of Shakespeare's Hamlet, directed by Tom Gilroy, at F M Kirby Theater, Madison, NJ; photo (M)CYNTHIA ROWLEY, the fashion designer, had nothing against clowns a few years ago when one lured her into the ring, put a hood over her head and told her to jump rope.    She obeyed, but when he took off her hood, she saw there was no rope. ''All o...Article explores clown bashing and reasons why some children and many adults do not like clowns; drawing (M)JAKE'S GRILLE in Oceanside has many virtues. Consistency isn't one of them. It is an ambitious restaurant with a flair and creativity rarely encountered at the mid-price level. The chef, John Circharo, and his crew make their own bread and dessert...Richard Jay Scholem reviewws Jake's Grille in Oceanside, New York (A La Carte column) (M)Theater    ''OHMLAND LIVE.'' Audience members bend their way through basic yoga movements, hop, shout and dance to salsa, reggae and hip-hop in this interactive musical about five butterflies who wake up early to surprise the sun. Saturdays throug...Mark Green and Peter F. Vallone turned their attention to health care issues yesterday, with speeches that outlined their plans to enroll more New Yorkers, particularly children, in health care programs. In a speech to health-care-policy experts a...Mark Green and Peter F Vallone, seeking New York City Democratic mayoral nomination, outline plans to enroll more New Yorkers, particularly children, in health care programs (M)I HAVE been battling a mysterious weed for more than 10 years now. It first showed up in my garden in St. James on Long Island when it crept up from the marshy banks of the Nissequogue River toward my shrub roses.     I ignored it. The locals call...I HAVE been battling a mysterious weed for more than 10 years now. It first showed up in my garden in St. James when it crept up from the marshy banks of the Nissequogue River toward my shrub roses.     I ignored it. The locals called it water loc..."