b"Seventeen years after first marketing the personal computer based on icon and mouse, Apple Computer will introduce on Saturday the first complete revision of the operating system for its Macintosh computers.    The new Macintosh OS X (pronounced o...Apple Computer is set to introduce first complete revision of operating system for its Macintosh computers (S)GEORGE W. BUSH is the third Texan to occupy the Oval Office in the last 40 years, following his father (whose Texas credentials were often questioned because of his Connecticut Yankee antecedents) and Lyndon B. Johnson (whose Texas credentials wer...R W Apple Jr reports on restaurants in Austin, Tex, and vicinity that have been favored by members of Bush family over the years; photos (L)For all those frustrated dot-com entrepreneurs who tried to think outside the box and are now out of work, here is a small consolation: they can always enter the national Rube Goldberg Machine Contest, to be held on April 7 at Purdue University. T...At least seven teams enter this year's Rube Goldberg Machine Contest, in which object is to devise machine that takes greatest number of steps peeling an apple; host is Purdue University (S)Melissa Beth Eisenstat and Jonathan Seth Blau were married last evening by Rabbi Sam Kenner at the Rainbow Room in New York.    The bride and bridegroom work for investment banks in New York, she as an executive director of securities research in ...HARMON-Howard, D.V.M. Age 77, died March 19, 2001, in Escondido, CA. Born in New Castle, PA, he grew up in New York City. After graduating from Pennsylvania State University in 1942, he received his veterinary degree (D.V.M.) from Cornell in 1945....It could have been an episode of ''Oprah'' where long-lost friends are joyfully reunited, but instead it was Cachet, the Monday-night party at Les Deux Caf\xc3\xa9 in Hollywood that's a must stop for bicoastal hipsters seeking their own kind. Last week, ...Photo of bicoastal hipsters at party at Les Deux Cafe in Los Angeles (Pulse column) (S)THE raw show-business truth is that the former star clown of the one-ring Big Apple Circus, Bello Nock, is returning to New York as the star everything of the three-ring Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus.    ''I spent three wonderful ye...Public Lives column profiles career of clown Bello Nock, who is currently performing with Ringling Brothers; photo (M)For the past three months, I have been thinking about raising pigs. Ask anyone who knows me. Sooner or later, the conversation turns to raising pigs. I have a small shelf full of books whose titles include the words  ''pigs'' and ''successful.'' I...Verlyn Klinkenborg The Rural Life editorial on why he raises pigsAfter bouncing around for most of the day, the three major stock indexes ended higher yesterday, providing a positive fillip to an otherwise sour week.    And even though investors signaled that the Federal Reserve's half-a-percentage-point rate c...Dow Jones industrial average ends week at 9,504.78, up 115.30 for day; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rises to 1,139.83, up 22.25; Nasdaq composite rises to 1,928.68, gain of 30.98; prices fall in bond market, as money moves into stocks; 10-year Treasury note yield jumps to 4.80 percent, from 4.74 percent day before; its price falls 16/32, to 101 18/32; graph; list of key rates (M)FAR too often, dessert is a case of the rich following the rich.     The kind of planning that goes into the rest of the meal, the careful thinking of how to balance every dish against every other dish, breaks down when it comes to deciding what t...Charlie Trotter, in last of eight articles, describes making brioche tarts with blue cheese, walnuts and quince; drawing; recipe (L)"