b"FIFTY years from now, no doubt, we'll wear our computers on our earlobes, snap them into our belly buttons or even swallow them like tablets. On crisp winter evenings, we'll sit by the fire and tell our grandkids about the days when PC's were big,...David Pugue State of the Art column reviews new Sony Vaio Slimtop Pen Tablet PCV-LX900, first consumer personal computer with 15-inch flat-panel touch screen; units cost $3,000; photo (M)STAR WARS: The Phantom Menace'' is not available on DVD, but it can be viewed on a DVD player. And any laptop with a CD-ROM drive can be turned into a personal in-flight movie theater. The key is a medium that is a hit worldwide but obscure in the...Video CD format begins gaining attention in US; estimated 640 million were sold in China in 2000; video CD's cannot rival DVD's for movie quality, but selection is wide, cost is low and they also play on DVD players; photos (M)Steve Perlman is enjoying the revenge of the geeks. From his third floor office here, he can peer down through a spacious atrium at the offices of his computer designers and reflect that while the new dot-com economy may be in disarray, the origin...Rearden Steel Technologies founder, Steve Perlman, says heavy financing for his company, which is developing computerized technology for home-entertainment market, shows that Silicon Valley as engine of original technology is very much alive despite end of dot.com era, interview; notes area's lasting successes have been run by technology geeks; photo (M)JUNE MEYER figures quite a few people have tried her family's goulash recipe. With 320,000 visitors to her Authentic Hungarian Heirloom Recipes Home Page, she thinks her sticky chicken, little dumplings and Hungarian apple cake have a following, t...Web is replacing printed page as medium for compiling family recipes into 'cookbooks,' thus insuring that they pass along to future generations; photo (M)Italian Cooking and Living, a new magazine, is intended for the novice cook. Its many recipes -- like spaghettini with spicy tuna and capers, crab cakes with apple sauce, and risotto with endive -- are usually presented as step-by-step color pictu...Italian Cooking and Living, new magazine, is intended for novice cook; photo (S)FINDING a bottle of nonmalolactic chardonnay requires a little work; on labels, marketers seem to prefer highlighting words like ''dry'' over ''nonmalolactic.'' I wonder why?    Nonetheless, some wine labels include technical information, like the...Eric Asimov column recommends several nonmalolactic chardonnays from California ; photo (M)At the time it seemed trivial. I ate an apple on the street and finished it as I got to the door of the International Center of Photography. But inside the gallery the sound of apple munching continued. Trace memory? Coincidence? Forgot to throw o...Sarah Boxer reviews International Center for Photography exhibition of artwork by Kiki Smith, entitled Kiki Smith: Telling Tales; photo (M)THE name 26 Seats says a lot about this sweet little French restaurant near Tompkins Square Park. The narrow dining room is what real estate people call intimate, yet it's relatively comfortable, with pillow-strewn banquettes, antique mirrors on t...Eric Asimov reviews 26 Seats in $25 and Under column (M)FULL disclosure: This Hudson River village, 10 minutes north of Bergen County, is where I grew up in the 1950's and 60's. In my day, though Nyack had its charms, fine dining was not among them. It was a stolid workingman's town, home to shoe facto...David Corcoran reviews Lanterna Tuscan Bistro restaurant in Nyack, NY; photo (M)AS evanescent as shadows flickering on a wall. As enduring as a portrait of society that is meant to be transmitted 999 years into the future.    Both are examples of public design that the New York City Art Commission will honor tonight at its 19...New York City Art Commission will honor 10 public projects for excellence in design, including New York Times Capsule, designed by Santiago Calatrava, Light Wall conceived by James Carpenter Design Associates for New York Hall of Science in Queens and manhole covers designed by Elizabeth Turk; photos (M)"