b"While it lacks the monochrome sleekness of the smaller Apple iPod, D-Link's new portable hard drive, intended for toting around music, has other notable features. At 10 gigabytes, enough for more than 130 hours of music at standard MP3 quality, th...D-Link's new portable hard drive, intended for toting around music, offers 10 gigabytes of memory, enough for over 130 hours of music at standard MP3 quality; photo (S)FOR observers of human nature, the end of the year presents a golden opportunity for spotting geeks in their native habitats. Normal people pull tags off gifts; geeks put batteries into them. Normal people spend the week watching movies and readin...Various holiday gifts for computer enthusiasts reviewed; photos (M)IF only I had known that before I . . . .''    Those rueful words, perhaps punctuated with colorful invective, are not uncommon a few hours after one rips the gift wrap from that shiny new digital device. In the urgent quest to get the tech toy up...Advice for new users of digital cameras on some of most common problems; drawing (M)Michael Hu, left, won awards for his confections when he was the executive pastry chef at the Waldorf-Astoria. He has now taken his talents to Rockland County, N.Y., where he is the executive chef and a partner in Pearl River Pastry, which bakes c...Pearl River Pastry, which supplies hotels and restaurants, has small retail shop selling frozen pastries (S)Community Bancorp Buys All of Investment Adviser      The New York Community Bancorp (Nasdaq: NYCB) of Westbury has agreed to acquire full ownership of Peter B. Cannell & Company, an investment adviser in Manhattan, in a transaction expected to cl...New York Community Bancorp of Westbury agrees to acquire full ownership in Manhattan investment adviser Peter B Cannell & Co (S)THERE was a time when kosher restaurants often meant heavy food, heartburn and beef so tough it fought back. No more. Centro in Cedarhurst is typical of a new breed of kosher spot offering contemporary food in sophisticated surroundings.    Diners...Joanne Starkey reviews Centro restaurant in Cedarhurst, Long Island; photo (M)A  COCKTAIL party is an excuse to pull out all the stops. Hors d'oeuvres, canap\xc3\xa9s and other little nibbles are meant to be pure fun, tiny pops of flavor that go down quickly and easily amid conversation and sips of this or that. A wild assortment ...Mark Bittman column gives recipes for hors d'oeuvres, canapes and other cocktail party nibbles; photos (M)Following are excerpts from Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani's farewell address at St. Paul's Chapel in Manhattan yesterday, as recorded by The New York Times:     . . .The reason I chose this chapel is because this chapel is thrice-hallowed ground. This...Excerpts from New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani's farewell address at St Paul's Chapel in Manhattan; photo (M)That's how it ends? An abrupt, sweaty hug in a dormitory hallway, and his childhood is over? Just like that?    It can't be. I imagined it far differently.     How, exactly? Something like this, I suppose: We take our son to college to start his f...Parents who fantasize about taking children to ivy-covered college campus to bid calm and fond farewells, might need to face reality of overcrowded dorm rooms, other harried parents in interminable traffic and lack of sentimentality as child crosses threshold into next phase of life; drawing (M)"