b"To Apple Computer, the proposal by Microsoft and plaintiffs to settle more than 100 class-action antitrust lawsuits against Microsoft is riddled with flaws -- and carries a big competitive threat.     Microsoft's proposal to donate more than $1 bi...Apple Computer challenges proposed settlement of class-action antitrust lawsuits against Microsoft, saying Microsoft's offer to donate more than $1 billion in software, computers and expertise to nation's poorest schools as part of settlement would increase Microsoft's competitive edge over Apple Computer in education market, one sector where it is not already dominant; photo (M)An article in Business Day on Monday about Apple Computer's objections to a Microsoft proposal to settle class-action antitrust lawsuits by donating software, computers and expertise to poor schools misstated the surname of an industry analyst at ...Correction of Dec 3 article about Apple Computer's objections to Microsoft proposal to settle class-action lawsuits by donating equipment to schools; industry analyst notedDanger Inc., a Silicon Valley start-up working on an always-connected hand-held Internet device, will announce today that Stephen Wozniak, a co-founder of Apple Computer, will join its board. In an interview, Mr. Wozniak, left, who created Apple w...Stephen Wozniak, co-founder of Apple Computer, will join board of directors of Danger Inc, company developing wireless Internet device; photo (S)It can't be easy being Tom Ridge.    He has succeeded at everything he has done, building a too-good-to-be-true r\xc3\xa9sum\xc3\xa9. He grew up in the timeworn little city of Erie, Pa., living first in public housing, then in a tiny house in a working-class ne...Washington Letter describes difficult and thankless task facing director of homeland security Tom Ridge, as he tries to build organization to coordinate disorganized federal agencies dealing with terror threat (M)JUST as they are in New York, times are tough for restaurateurs in Sydney -- ''tougher than tough,'' as one of the local superchefs said.    Overexpansion for the Olympic Games last year, followed by the onset of a worldwide economic slowdown and ...R W Apple Jr article, in series En Route, reviews outstanding restaurants of Sydney, demonstrating Australian city's ascent during last decade into top ranks of world's dining capitals; photos (M)Q. What's the difference between U.S.B. and FireWire connections for connecting devices to the computer?    A. The main difference right now between U.S.B. (Universal Serial Bus) and FireWire is speed: A device connected to a computer's FireWire p...It is not a hovercraft, a helicopter backpack or a teleportation pod.    The mystery transportation device being developed by the award-winning inventor Dean Kamen -- the subject of continuous fevered speculation since provocative clues and predic...Dean Kamen unveils Segway Human Transporter, battery-powered, eight-miles-an-hour, two-wheeled personal transportation device; chief novelty lies in uncanny effect, produced by finely tuned gyroscopic balancing mechanism, of intuiting where its rider wants to go -- and going there; photo (M)Prosecutors from nine states today criticized the Bush administration as settling too leniently with Microsoft in its antitrust case and asked a federal judge to impose a sharp set of business restrictions on the company.    The state officials sa...Prosecutors from nine states ask Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly to impose sharp set of business restriction on Microsoft Corp that are specifically aimed at helping company's competitors and promoting Linux and other operating systems as alternative to Windows; say Microsoft should be required to offer computer manufacturers stripped-down version of its Windows operating system devoid of bundled Microsoft programs; say settlement company reached with Bush administration is too lenient (M)In October, John Ingram had an idea. Why not make pumpkin-walnut cream cheese for the season? That's what he did -- nothing new for him. It just added to his noted repertory of creative cream cheeses: from olive-pimento to walnut-raisin to strawbe...Norm Oshrin reviews Dee's Bagel Cafe/Deli & Grill in Monroe, NJ; photo (M)Microsoft's plan to give away $1 billion worth of computer technology to the nation's poorest schools is hard to attack. Nobody is against improving technological resources for needy youngsters. But it may not be a proper settlement to end class-a...Editorial says Microsoft's plan to give away $1 billion worth of computer technology to nation's poorest schools is hard to criticize, but may not be proper settlement to end class-action antitrust lawsuits; urges Federal Dist Judge J Frederick Motz to push company and plaintiffs' lawyers to substantially alter terms of settlement; holds that, otherwise, he should consider rejecting it (S)"