b"Trying to entice consumers with wild patterns referred to as Blue Dalmatian and Flower Power molded directly into the plastic of the popular iMac home computer, the chief executive of Apple Computer, Steven P. Jobs announced several new consumer-o...Apple Computer chief executive Steven P Jobs announces several new consumer-oriented products, including multihued iMacs, which will have faster processors and ability to both read and write CD's, and faster version of its G4 Cube computer, which will also come with ability to write directly to blank CD's (S)  CRAZY MELON AND CHINESE APPLE   Poems.   By Frances Chung.   Wesleyan University/   University Press of New England,   cloth, $30; paper, $15.95.  Michael Hainey reviews book Crazy Melon and Chinese Apple: Poems by Frances Chung (S)The Thursday night fights, already prime-time television's best programming slugfest, will become even more ferociously competitive starting on March 1 when CBS puts the first serious drama in five years into the ring against NBC's mighty ''ER.'' ...Television networks heat up Thursday prime-time ratings contest, as CBS gets ready to launch a new show, Big Apple, opposite NBC's ER; photo (M)It might be called the validation of William H. Gates.    Scheduled for the fall to take advantage of back-to-school and holiday sales cycles, the newest Windows operating system will be Microsoft's first significant product bearing the stamp of t...Microsoft is set to introduce Windows XP, William H Gates's first product as company's chief software architect; company's sales are currently in slump; photos (M)IT'S coming soon to an espresso bar near you.    And to the rival coffee shop across the street. Not to mention the coin-operated laundry on the corner, the hotel on the next block and the railroad station across town. The local airport may alread...Hundreds of public and private access points across US offer wireless high-speed Internet access to patrons possessing laptop computers equipped with wireless cards; devices operate within few hundred feet or so of access points; users pay monthly or single-use fees for this service; locations are being added constantly; a universal protocol for this wireless transmission has yet to be determined; photos (M)Q. I am developing a Web site and would like to include a message board, but I have no idea how to do it. What is the best way for a novice to approach this? Do I need to have my own server?    A. Web-based message boards, also called Web bulletin...Mass-produced soave deservedly gets no respect. Like frascati and verdicchio, two other everyday Italian whites, soave is synonymous with simple, refreshing plonk. But not all soaves are born equal.    Gini, in Monteforte d'Alpone in the hilly Soa...Howard Ginsburg reviews 1999 superiore soave wines from Monteforte d'Alpone and La Frosca in Gini, Italy; photo (M)Mass-produced soave deservedly gets no respect. Like frascati and verdicchio, two other everyday Italian whites, soave is synonymous with simple, refreshing plonk. But not all soaves are born equal.     Gini, in Monteforte d'Alpone in the hily Soa...OYSTERS are a meditative food. As they slip down, one is inclined to reflect on their briny origins. An assortment of these luscious mollusks may inspire wonder at the efficiency of natural selection: tiny shells deep and spiny, shells shallow and...M H Reed reviews Orchard Street Oyster Bar and Grill in Eastchester, NY; photo (M)I HAVE been to the historic house (circa 1858) at 1441 Old Northern Boulevard in Roslyn so often I could lead tours. The restaurants come and go, but the elegant Art Deco mirrors are a constant. In the last decade, this lovely building has been ho...Joanne Starkey reviews McCann's restaurant in Roslyn, Long Island; photo (M)"