b"Carefully limited military action against Afghanistan may well begin some time this month, ranking officials here and in London say, but much about it remains uncertain.     Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld's trip to the Middle East this week ...Analysis of Defense Sec Donald H Rumsfeld's effort to patch together coalition of unaligned and potentially unstable nations for antiterrorism mission in Afghanistan that is not yet fully defined; notes United States pressure to help in mission puts moderate, often autocratic Mideast leaders at risk of losing power to Islamic militants at home; notes State Sec Colin L Powell seems to have won battle within Bush administration to limit mission's first phase to Osama bin Laden's terrorist network (M)EXPLORING the Web on a cellphone may seem like a good idea when you're constantly on the run, but with sites bursting with graphic images, it's certainly not very easy. You're likely to find yourself staring, say, at a part of a giant logo unless ...World Wide Web Consortium recommends graphic technology that is designed to make many Web images fit any size screen; format, known as Scalable Vector Graphics, is text-based, and this allows graphics to load faster and enables search engines and screen readers to locate printed matter in images; photo (M)Theater    ''CALABASAS STREET,'' a play about the friendship between a boy and a widowed neighbor will be presented by the Pied Piper Children's Theater of New York City at Holy Trinity Episcopal Church, 20 Cummings Street, Inwood. Performances ar...CHANDLER-Amy. New York, NY, age 97. On Wednesday, September 26, 2001. Member of the Civic Repertory Theater in the 1930s and the American Repertory Theater in the 1940s. Born in Philadelphia, PA, and came to New York in the 1920s with her friend T...On Thursday, the one-month anniversary of the attack on the World Trade center, many restaurants in New York and around the world will donate at least 10 percent of their sales to a scholarship and emergency relief fund for the children of food se...Excerpts from previously published reviews of restaurants whose chefs are among those leading drive to have restaurants donate percentage of sales to scholarship and emergency relief fund for children of food service workers killed in attack on World Trade Center (Good Eating column) (M)FRIEDMAN-Dr. Nathalie. The officers, Board of Directors, and staff of UJA-Federation of New York mourn the passing of Nathalie Friedman, a cherished friend of the Jewish community and beloved sister of our former board member and longtime advocate...WHEN they moved to Larchmont seven years ago, Michael and Joy Millette were wary of the curious Chinese pagoda on Palmer Avenue in Mamaroneck that sold hot dogs.    Despite the long lines, ''we thought it was a Chinese restaurant that hit on hard ...Article on Walter's Hot Dogs, housed in Chinese pagoda in Mamaroneck, NY, since 1928, that has become Westchester County institution and local landmark; photo (M)  THE DREAM MACHINE   J. C. R. Licklider and the Revolution   That Made Computing Personal.   By M. Mitchell Waldrop.   Illustrated. 502 pp. New York: Viking. $29.95.  John Allen Paulos reviews book The Dream Machine: J C R Licklider and the Revolution That Made Computing Personal by M Mitchell Waldrop (M)WHEN restaurants change, diners are often the last to know. They arrive at an old favorite and everything seems the same. But, as in an episode from ''The Twilight Zone,'' this is not the place they knew.    A recent visit to Enoteca Il Castello i...Joanne Starkey reviews Enoteca Il Castello restaurant in Locust Valley, Long Island; photo (M)"