b"A THOUGHTFUL host may have the best intentions, beginning the evening with a splash of Champagne, perhaps, and then pausing with a crisp Alsatian white, before settling into earthy reds for the main course. But Thanksgiving dinner is a meal that, ...Amanda Hesser article on hard cider as Thanksgiving alternative to wine; discusses ciders sparking and still, dry and sweet, French and American; photo (M)What a difference a week makes.    Last week, Washington belonged to the naysayers and the what-iffers. Spokesmen at the White House were badgered with questions about the campaign against terrorism. The strategy in Afghanistan would never work, p...R W Apple Jr commentary on shifting mood in Washington regarding American strategy in Afghanistan; says pessimistic prophets of last week would not have conceived of seeing forces friendly to US control every major Afghan city by Thanksgiving; says few in Washington feel certain about precisely what has happened, and crucial fact is that Osama bin Laden is still at large, as is his protector, Mullah Muhammad Omar (M)NEXT Thursday, as they do every year, American families will sit down to a misapprehension. They will celebrate Thanksgiving in the belief that they are feasting on much the same dishes that were served at the first Thanksgiving in Plymouth, Mass....R W Apple Jr article on dried corn that John Cope's Food Products has been processing and selling for 101 years; recipe for creamed corn; photos (M)CLICK JUNIOR -- Like its larger brethren, the Atek Electronics Super Mini Optical Mouse ($50) uses a tiny digital camera rather than a rolling ball to track its movements. Roughly the size of a lipstick tube, the tiny mouse can sit on the palm-res...Roundup of computer and communication products designed for easy portability; photo (M)RETURNING gifts, like throwing out the Christmas tree, is one of those holiday hangover chores that many people try to put off as long as possible. But if the unwanted gifts were bought online, you may find the process a little more bearable this ...Returning holiday gifts bought online has been made easier by e-merchants seeking new customers and repeat business; conveniences include prepaid return labels, ability to track returns status by e-mail and integration of online retailers and their offline counterparts (M)The Thinking Apple Tree    Q. Last year, there was a drought; this year, my apple tree made it up with a bumper crop. Do trees have memories?    A. ''Apple trees do, in a sense, have a memory,'' said Dr. Marvin P. Pritts, professor of horticulture...Answer to reader's question on apple trees' year-to-year variations in fruit production; drawing"