b"Rosie Jones stood on top of the hill on the last hole at the Wykagyl Country Club and debated which club to use for her approach to the green below. There was a slight wind and the ball was sitting on the first cut, just off the fairway. Moments l...Rosie Jones wins Sybase Big Apple Classic golf tournament (S)BY the usual yardstick of market share, Apple Computer is a computing pipsqueak. Its slender slice of personal computer sales is less than 4 percent in the United States, and its share of the global market is even slimmer. Yet in terms of industry...New Economy column says Apple Computer looms large in terms of industry attention, press coverage and attendance at trade shows like Macworld Expo, even though its slice of personal computer sales is less than 4 percent; says Apple was pioneer and many in industry first got hooked on computing thanks to Apple II and Macintosh; says another reason is wishful thinking--that Macintosh might represent real alternative to Microsoft's Windows; drawing (M)Apple loyalists might consider selling Windows software at a Macintosh trade show akin to a Hatfield's showing up at a McCoy family reunion. But SoftMac Xpress, unveiled last week by Emulators Inc. at MacWorld Expo in New York, is the latest versi...SoftMac Xpress software from Emulators Inc allows Windows users to run Macintosh programs and open Mac files on their PC-based machines; photo (M)SALVADOR DA BAHIA introduced us to the astonishing array of exotic Brazilian fruits, and we rediscovered many of them every morning on the breakfast buffet at our hotel, here, the Caesar Park.     One day, on a visit to Mil Frutas, a tiny shop nea...R W Apple Jr comments on restaurant scene in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil; photo (M)THIS is where the strands came together, where the native Brazilians and the Portuguese settlers and the African slaves whom they shipped across the South Atlantic to harvest sugar began fashioning a vivid new culture.    Today things that began i...R W Apple reports on Brazilian cuisine from region of Salvador da Bahia, two-hour flight northeast of Rio de Janeiro; photos; map; recipes (L)14 Years After Slaying, Theories, Not Answers      When the mob-style shooting occurred in 1987, it left a 78-year-old lawyer dead in a laundry near his Queens home and a family reeling from shock and grief.    Adding to the family's pain, and fue...Mob-style murder of George M Aronwald in Queens in 1987 remains unsolved; there are several theories about reasons for killing, but son William I Aronwald is dissatisfied with progress of investigation; some red double-decker buses that used to ferry tourists around New York as part of New York Apple Tours are now being used in Chicago; photos (M)To the Editor:    ''Is There Life After AOL?'' (June 21) left out perhaps the most essential fact about each of the seven other Internet service providers that you elected to discuss: that is, whether the I.S.P. provides software compatible with b...S R Frankel letter says all Internet service providers noted in June 21 article are not compatible with Macintosh operating systemsWHEN it comes to cocktails (and most evenings it does, in my case), I'm a martini man -- Tanqueray, if you've got it, up, very dry, with a twist. Have been for 50 years, ever since my grandfather announced one Thanksgiving that it was time I learn...R W Apple Jr comments on pleasures of tart Brazilian drink known as caipirinhas; photos (M)Q. What kinds of things does Windows Update do?    A. Windows Update, a built-in system tool that comes with Windows 98 and later systems, keeps track of your current system and lets you know if you have outdated drivers, system files or other sof...COMPARED with the heartbreaker allure of pinot noir or the vivacious snap of pinot grigio, pinot blanc has an anonymous ring to it. No one would speak of a sassy pinot blanc or a brooding pinot blanc, as he might of a Beaujolais or a Bordeaux. In ...Eric Asimov comments on delights of pinot blancs (S)"