b"Apple Computer Inc. said today that it was expanding into the retail business, confirming that it planned to open its first store on May 19.    A computer industry analyst said the company might open as many as 10 stores as part of a strategy to e...Apple Computer Inc plans to expand into retail business, opening first store May 19; analysts comment on strategy shift (M)In a climate of rampant confession, where every talk show oracle encourages brutal, unbridled honesty, the premise behind Gerard Strembridge's teasing romantic comedy ''About Adam'' seems refreshing, even mildly subversive. The implausible  chroni...Stephen Holden reviews Gerard Strembridge movie About Adam; photo (M)Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day on Tuesday about a plan by Apple Computer to open its own stores misattributed a reference in some copies to the length of a lease Apple was said to be assuming at a recently closed Restorati...TWENTY years ago, I bought my first personal computer.     I wasn't the earliest of adopters. There were already dozens of PC makers, with names like Apple, Atari, Radio Shack and Texas Instruments. Though I had been thinking about buying a comput...John Markoff article recalls his first personal computer, IBM PC5150, purchased in October 1981; says IBM's entrance into PC market a few months earlier signaled that nature and potential of computing had changed; table compares capabilities of similarly-priced computers, then and now; photo (M)PERSONAL-COMPUTER shoppers may not realize it, but they are benefiting from a price war among suppliers desperate for their business. Price cuts on PC's may seem like business as usual. After all, the PC industry routinely pares prices as componen...Martin Reynolds, Gartner Dataquest analyst, answers questions on current price war among computer manufacturers; photo (M)The Nasdaq composite index rose yesterday as investors hoped for a positive earnings report from Cisco Systems, the networking equipment giant, after markets closed.    The Nasdaq climbed 25.20 points, or 1.16 percent, to 2,198.77, as other makers...Nasdaq composite index rises 25.20 points, to 2,198.77; Dow Jones industrial average falls 51.66 points, to 10,883.51; Standard & Poor's 500-stock index falls 2.31 points, to 1,261.20; graph; tables (M)Carmine Galante, a murder suspect, may have been on the lam, but he was not about to lose track of what was going on in New York City crime circles. So every week Mr. Galante, a nephew of the former boss of the Bonanno crime family, ducked into a ...GangLandNews.com, weekly chronicle of New York City's organized crime scene, created and written by former organized-crime columnist Jerry Capeci, has become equivalent of online chat room for mobsters; is site where those interested in Mafia, including current members, go for latest underworld news (M)Balch Institute for Ethnic Studies  18 South Seventh Street  Philadelphia  Through Aug. 3      Photographer, teacher, scholar and social activist, Mel Rosenthal grew up in the South Bronx in the 1940's and 50's, studied at City College in the 1960...Holland Cotter reviews Mel Rosenthal photographs at Balch Institute for Ethnic Studies in Philadelphia (S)Antique apple-peeling devices may not be fascinating to most people, but they were to Charles Larned Robinson. He was a New York businessmen who saw in the humble hand-held apple parer a symbol of an age that was soon to be swallowed up by mechani...American museums are replacing warehouses with open-study centers, so-called 'visible storage' that allows museum to place collectibles before the public; among them are visible storage displays at Metropolitan Museum of Art and New-York Historical Society (M)I HAD high hopes for L'incontro. The Kings Park newcomer has an impressive lineage. It is owned by the same father-son team that runs Casa Rustica in Smithtown, one of Suffolk's premier Italian restaurants.    That promise was almost fulfilled on ...Joanne Starkey reviews L'incontro restaurant in Kings Park, Long Island; photo (M)"