b"A judge asked lawyers for Microsoft today whether a rival's idea for revising the company's plan to equip needy schools with computers was not a better idea.    Judge J. Frederick Motz of the United States District Court said that Microsoft's prop...Judge J Frederick Motz, who is considering proposed settlement of Microsoft antitrust case, says Microsoft's plan for providing computers, training and software to schools in poor neighborhoods might help company gain control of one of few software markets where it faces vigorous competition; asks why entire value of $1 billion settlement should not be put into fund to buy computers and software for schools and then let Microsoft compete for its own money back, as Apple Computer as proposed (M)Three months after the deadly surprises of Sept. 11, in a society where finger-pointing is a way of life, the nation's intelligence agencies have largely escaped condemnation for not having seen what was coming.    That may change when Congress ho...R W Apple Jr comment observes that surprisingly few people inside or outside government have been willing so far to accuse US intelligence agencies in their failure to foresee Sept 11 terrorist attacks (M)CALL it the Foodies' Paradox: With every passing year, we care more and more about food, and we have less and less time to cook.    Donna Hay has figured this out and has made up her mind to do something about it. Which is the main reason that she...R W Apple Jr interview with Donna Hay, cookbook authors who is favorite in Great Britain, Canada and her native Australia and who has just published her first cookbook in US, Off the Shelf; her recipes deliver maximum flavor punch for minimum of cooking effort; photos (M)Democrats and Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee voiced deep skepticism today about the Bush administration's proposed settlement of the antitrust case against Microsoft, as the company denounced the list of tougher penalties being soug...Republicans and Democrats on Senate Judiciary Committee express deep skepticism on Bush administration's proposed settlement of antitrust case against Microsoft Corp; say terms are too vague and difficult to enforce and therefore likely to lead to new round of legal proceedings; accuse company of striking deal that will do nothing to restore competition in software market; Microsoft executives denounces tougher penalties sought by nine states as radical and punitive; photo (M)THE last 12 months have been horrible for the personal computer industry.    It is bad enough that demand has slumped. Most manufacturers are saddled with inventory and distribution problems, as well as with sales of a product that keeps falling i...Kenneth N Gilpin Market Watch column interviews Prudential Securities analyst Kimberly Alexy about outlook for manufacturers of personal computers for home and business; photo (M)Q.  I am running Windows Me and I installed the Zone Labs firewall. The firewall keeps telling me that ''BackWeb.exe'' wants access to the Internet, and I keep telling it no. Is BackWeb a good thing or a bad thing? Just what is it?    A.  The prog...THE FUTURE OF IDEAS  The Fate of the Commons in a Connected World  By Lawrence Lessig  352 pages. Random House. $30.    GO TO  The Story of the Math Majors, Bridge Players, Engineers, Chess Wizards, Maverick Scientists and Iconoclasts -- The Progr...David Gelernter reviews two books on computers: Lawrence Lessig's The Future of Ideas: The Fate of the Commons in a Connected World, and Steve Lohr's Go To: The Story of the Math Majors, Bridge Players, Engineers, Chess Wizards, Maverick Scientists and Iconoclasts -- The Programmers Who Created the Software Revolution; photos (M)The Neighbor Corporation of Wakefield, Mass., claims that EIEIO Tomato Smash may help prevent Type 2 diabetes and lower the risk of cancer, and that it provides 130 percent of the recommended daily allowance of vitamin A. What the earnest company ...Neighbor Corp's EIEIO Tomato Smash is blend of tomatos, celery, spices and citrus that can serve as handy base for gazpacho; photo (M)The amuse-bouches that David Burke came up with for Park Avenue Cafe and One C.P.S., the restaurants where he is chef, were so popular that he is now selling them at retail. Called Gourmet Pops, they include smoked salmon wrapped around a cream ch...Chef David Burke introduces line of frozen amuse-bouches called Gourmet Pops; photo (S)DINERS finding their way to the semicircular lay-by grandly called Old Tomahawk Street here might wonder about The Road House's ''road.'' Many will remember the street as home to Maxime's, which after 18 years, has given way to this new tenant arr...M H Reed reviews The Road House restaurant in Granite Springs, NY; photos (M)"