b"Until Sept. 11, Washington had the unmistakable feel of a backwater.    To borrow a phrase from another era, the essential business of the United States seemed to be business. Wall Street, not Washington, was where the real action was. Many Americ...White House Letter notes that era of big government that was declared over years ago has returned in wake of Sept 11 terrorist attacks; many Americans who felt they did not need federal government in time of peace and prosperity now, in crisis, are looking to Washington for leadership, and more than that; there is irony in fact that Pres Bush and most of his top colleagues, small-government people, are now loosing storm of intervention and innovation on Washington (M)Microsoft filed a proposal in federal court yesterday that could remove another of its legal headaches: more than 100 class-action antitrust suits contending that it overcharged consumers. The proposed deal is an innovative approach because the pr...Microsoft Corp files proposal in federal court that could remove one of its legal headaches: more than 100 class-action antitrust suits contending that it overcharged consumers; proposed deal is innovative approach because proceeds would not go to customers who say they were overcharged but to more than 12,500 schools in low-income neighborhoods around country; Microsoft would be required to provide cash, training and support to help put computing services in to disadvantaged schools with nearly seven million students; five-year program would cost Microsoft at least $500 million; deal is championed by class-action lawyers Stanley M Chesley of Cincinnati and Michael D Hausfield of Washington; plaintiffs' lawyers behind settlement and executives of Microsoft hail proposed deal; settlement faces resistance from some lawyers in California who say they represent 13 million overcharged personal computer users in tehir state; California lawyers will opposes settlement (M)What has 15 recipes for winter squash, a list of 200 varieties of apple and profiles of New York farmers? It is Farm to Table, the Web site of the Earth Pledge Foundation, a Manhattan nonprofit organization that promotes sustainable agriculture an...Earth Pledge Foundation, Manhattan nonprofit orgn that promotes sustainable agriculture and environmental preservation, has Web site, which provides information about New York State's produce and other foods, recipes and listing of events; photo (S)O.K., Barry Lubin, it pretty much has to be one or the other: is it absolutely the worst time to be a clown or absolutely the best?     ''There is never a bad time to be a clown,'' said Mr. Lubin, whose character, Grandma, is getting star billing ...  A FAMILY PLACE   A Hudson Valley Farm, Three   Centuries, Five Wars, One Family.   By Leila Philip.   Viking, $23.95.  Janet Steen reviews book A Family Place: A Hudson Valley Farm, Three Centuries, Five Wars, One Family by Leila Philip (M)The 2000 estate chardonnay from Macari Vineyards resembles a Giacometti sculpture: lean, taut (some may say wiry), crisp, firm and to the point.    The same deft shaping found in Macari s spiffy (and long-ago sold-out) 2000 sauvignon blanc emerges...Howard Goldberg reviews 2000 estate chardonnay from Macari Vineyards; photo (M) (Long Island Vines column)When Jimmy Bradley opened the Red Cat on the western fringe of Chelsea, it seemed like an unlikely spot.    But he built it, they came and the Red Cat developed cult status seemingly overnight.  William Grimes Diner's Journal review of Harrison, new restaurant in TriBeCa; photo (M)Still smarting over what he describes as numerous late hits by the University of Washington in last season's game, University of Miami quarterback Ken Dorsey yesterday added fuel to Saturday's showdown by asserting that things would be different t...Preview of college football game between Miami and University of Washington (M)Giddily artificial and perpetually in motion, Jell-O is arguably more American than apple pie, and certainly more versatile. (Ever try to wrestle in pie?) To most of the world, it may look more like a prank than a food: immigrants at Ellis Island ...Think Tank column appraises Carolyn Wyman's new book, Jell-O: A Biography; photos (M)There they were, the girls who made you love them and then disappeared, turning up like the bad-penny dames in private-eye novels. They only stuck around for a couple of nights in their slinky silks and satins. But that was long enough for them to...Ben Brantley reviews installment of City Center Encores! Broadway Bash!--series of American musicals in concert at City Center; photo (M)"