b"NOTHING is harder in the gastronomy game than reinventing a restaurant. Nothing is more necessary.    D\xc3\xa9cor gets tatty, chefs die or retire, cooking styles change. Even at the elite establishments awarded three stars by the Guide Michelin, the hyp...R W Apple Jr, in second of three reports from Burgundy and Rhone Valley, comments on dining at famed restaurant Troisgros, in Roanne, France; photos; recipe (M)With the eyes of a nervous nation fixed upon him, George W. Bush began coming of age as president this weekend.    In the capital and in New York City, in settings both formal and informal, Mr. Bush sought to lift the spirits of the American peopl...Sketching in the outline of an aggressive new American foreign policy, the Bush administration today gave the nations of the world a stark choice:  stand with us against terrorism, deny safe havens to terrorists or face the certain prospect of dea...Analysis of aggressive new American foreign policy outlined by Bush administration; nations of world are given stark choice: stand with US against terrorism and deny safe havens to terrorists or face certain prospect of death and destruction; senior officials cast aside niceties of diplomatic language and military restraint that US manifested in dealing with past terrorist attacks; they now talk of campaign that could involve American forces in protracted fighting against countries like Afghanistan, Iraq, Sudan and even Pakistan, which occupies vital strategic position south of Afghanistan, where Osama bin Laden is believed to be based; by equating acts of terrorism and even harboring of terrorists with acts of war, administration is going well beyond traditional international practice, saying in effect that there are no neutral states and no clear geographical confines; photo (M)Today's devastating and astonishingly well-coordinated attacks on the World Trade Center towers in New York and on the Pentagon outside of Washington plunged the nation into a warlike struggle against an enemy that will be hard to identify with ce...News analysis of terrorist attacks on World Trade Center towers in New York City and on Pentagon with hijacked jetliners; devastating and astonishingly well-coordinated attacks plunge nation into warlike struggle against enemy that will be hard to identify and certainly hard to punish with precision; sense of security and self-confidence that Americans take as birthright suffers grievous blow, from which recovery will be slow; photos (M)Stung by suggestions that President Bush had hurt himself politically by delaying his return to Washington on Tuesday, the White House asserted today that Mr. Bush had done so because of hard evidence that he was a target of the terrorists who hij...White House, stung by suggestions that President Bush hurt himself politically by delaying his return to Washington during terrorist attacks on World Trade Center and Pentagon, says Bush did so because of hard evidence that he was target; press secretary Ari Fleischer says officials had real and credible information that White House, not Pentagon, was original target of hijacked American Airlines plane that crashed into defense complex shortly after leaving Dulles International Airport; says after plane hit Pentagon, chilling threat was phoned to Secret Service; Bush adviser Karl Rove says President argued strenuously that he be allowed to return to capital, but was told by Secret Service that situation was too dangerous (M)Daniel C. Lewin, a co-founder of Akamai Technologies Inc., a leading developer of Internet services, died on Tuesday in the World Trade Center attack, the company said. He was 31.    Mr. Lewin was aboard American Airlines Flight 11, a Boeing 767 t...Daniel C Lewin, co-founder of Akamai Technologies Inc, leading developer of Internet services, dies aboard hijacked jet that crashed into World Trade Center; he was 31 (M)Q. How can I disable or block those pesky pop-up advertisements from Web pages?    A. The persistence of pop-up advertisements, those extra little windows that pop up on top of or under your Web browser as you try to surf, seems to have inspired m...MOST of Harrison's restaurants seem to be clustered on the blocks around its train station. But along Halstead Avenue to the south, almost out of town, Halstead Avenue Bistro joins the venerable Gus's and creates a fresh dining outpost very much w...''I AM retiring from the dating scene,'' said Charlie Zicari, a 35-year-old Web architect from Union City. He had just returned from a date with a woman he met on an Internet dating service. It was the 10th date since joining the service last fall...Charlie Zicari, 35-year-old Web architect from Union City, NJ, chronicles week in his life; photo (M) (Special Issue: After 5 (M)It's hard to admit at a time like this, but something there is in New Yorkers that secretly boasts even as we openly weep. The price we must pay for being biggest and best is being hated the most and suffering greatly. If terror defines the new ce...Max Frankel essay says price New York pays for being biggest and best is being hated most and suffering greatly; holds that if terror defines new century, obviously New York must lead way; notes that New York's mayor, Rudolph Giuliani, insists that New Yorkers will not comfort hijacking cowards with sorrow; says they will defeat them with grit, and he has bid populace to resume normal living; photo (M)"