b"I love that Bill Clinton wants to emulate Jimmy Carter and work in the field of conflict resolution.    Talk about the fox in the henhouse.  Maureen Dowd Op-Ed column says creeping Clinton nostalgia curdled into creepiness with news of how former president and his wife took furniture and bric-a-brac from White House, and accepted money and gifts from those seeking pardons; says Clintons think they do good works and are therefore entitled; says Clintons may have been justifying the unjustifiable for so long they can no longer tell difference (M)Bounced from work in Washington, bored by the boondocks and depressed by the prospect of no longer being a big cheese, generations of America's former leaders have pondered their options and come up with the exact same move.    Ulysses S. Grant di...Bill Clinton is only latest president to leave Washington for strangely comforting hustle and bustle of New York City, where one can be semi-anonymous but not forgotten; photo of Clinton, Ulysses S Grant and Richard Nixon; Mario Cuomo, who rushed home from Albany after losing governorship, says city is 'restorative' place to get new start; others currently enjoying restorative air include Monica Lewinsky and former Mass governor William F Weld (M)Dr. Shawn Carlson's biography reads like a mutant graft of Mr. Wizard meets Horatio Alger: an unhappy physicist working in a mainstream laboratory decides to quit his job and start a nonprofit organization aimed at encouraging the projects of back...Interview with Dr Shawn Carlson, founder of Society for Amateur Scientists; photo (M)Q. My mouse freezes frequently or has trouble moving and I have to reboot the computer to get it to work again. What might be causing this?    A. A mouse's misbehavior can be caused by several things, from conflicting software to dirt in its rolle...Despite sales growth that quadrupled the average for the personal computer industry, Dell Computer warned yesterday that earnings would miss its estimates by as much as 8 cents a share for the current quarter.    Blaming the economic slowdown and ...Dell Computer warns that earnings will miss its estimates for current quarter despite sales growth that quadrupled average for personal computer industry; Dell blames economic slowdown and dwindling demand for personal computers; Dataquest says Compaq Computer continues to hold top spot in worldwide personal computer sales, with 12.4 percent of market; Compaq's lead over Dell dwindled because its sales increased by only 1.5 percent from previous year; Dell, with 11.3 percent of market, grew 41 percent; Hewlett-Packard, which grew 18 percent, remains in third place with 7.7 percent; IBM is in fourth place; sales slowed 5 percent for NEC and 9 percent for Gateway, which hold fourth and fifth places; photo (M)The city founded by the Dutch finally has a Dutch restaurant. It's NL, for the Netherlands, and it starts with a tremendous advantage: virtually no one has the slightest idea what Dutch cuisine is. In a bleak essay on the food of the Netherlands, ...William Grimes Diner's Journal review of Dutch restaurant NL in Greenwich Village; photo (M)IN an area greatly underserved by casual restaurants, a charming one called 121 (on the road from which it takes its name) fulfills a local need; this one restaurant serves all. Its large handsome bar area invites informal gatherings, which, in mi...M L Reed reviews 121 restaurant in North Salem, NY; photos (M)LOWER MANHATTAN  The Mighty Hudson, In Words and Images      Douglas Lazarus traveled the length of the Hudson River by boat and painted 68 watercolors of the scenes he saw, towns and villages of the Hudson Valley, and vignettes of New York City a...On Wednesday night at Fez, Amy Correia risked a platitude and ended up with an elucidation. Accompanied by Gerri Sutyak on cello, she tackled ''La Vie en Rose,'' the world's classiest saloon song and the legendary Edith Piaf's signature. It takes ...Ann Powers reviews performance by singer Amy Correia at Fez; photo (M)He eats like a champion. Literally.    For the past four years, Kevin Lipsitz has entered more eating contests than he can count. Plastic trophies adorned with golden pickles and hot dogs crowd his living room. His computer is crammed with contest...Article on Kevin Lipsitz of Staten Island, NYC, competitive eater who is entered in annual matzo ball eating contest at Ben's Kosher Delicatessen in Manhattan; list of honors; photos (M)"