b"Proclaiming the onset of a third ''golden age'' of personal computing, Steven P. Jobs today offered Apple Computer's latest bid to regain its luster: a revamped Macintosh line and an ultra-thin, titanium-clad portable model.    Mr. Jobs, Apple's c...Apple Computer's chief executive Steven P Jobs introduces revamped Macintosh personal computer line and ultra-thin, titanium-clad portable model at annual MacWorld Exhibition, San Francisco; 5.3-pound G4 model, with Motorola processor, has built-in DVD player and 15.2-inch widescreen display; new machine, which will begin shipping in January, will sell for $2,599 to $3,997; photo (M)Like most computer makers, Apple Computer has been hit hard by the recent decline of the home computer market. But the company is coming off the ropes swinging, using this week's Macworld Expo in San Francisco as an opportunity to unveil not only ...Apple Computer's new SuperDrive is the first recordable DVD drive ever to appear in a personal computer and is cornerstone of Apple's goal of serving as the premier hub for such portable digital devices as MP3 players, digital cameras and camcorders, Palm devices and DVD players (S)MACINTOSH fans don't always have it easy. They're often found patiently (or vehemently) defending their choice of machine, they must endure occasional pundit predictions that Apple is doomed -- and then there's the Laptop Gap. At this very moment,...David Pogue column says the best new Apple Computer product unveiled at Macworld Expo was a PowerBook G4, a lap-top that is one inch thick when closed but that is loaded with power and accommodates a vast, wide screen (M)Philips Electronics is giving Apple Computer a run for its money in the flat-panel monitor department -- and the money in question is about $100. The Philips 150X flat-panel monitor has a suggested retail price of $899, compared with $999 for Appl...Philips Electronics' 150X flat-panel monitor is priced at $899, $100 less than Apple's comparable screen; photo (S)In Japan it is called a long onion, naganegi or just negi. To an American, it looks like a scallion that is ready to play in the N.B.A.     It is nearly two feet long and is actually an Asian leek (Allium ramosum). Only the white part is used, and...Comment on Negi, Asian leek grown in California; photo (S)A report in the News Watch column of Circuits on Thursday comparing the price of a new 15-inch flat panel computer monitor from Philips Electronics with one from Apple Computer gave an outdated price for the Apple product. It was reduced on Tuesda...Correction of Jan 11 article on 15-inch flat panel computer monitors, which gave outdated pricesCATHERINE DAWKINS had visions of bulky computer boxes dancing in her head when the holidays rolled around last year. Planning to surprise her husband, Peter, with a shiny new 600-megahertz, Pentium-chip desktop, Ms. Dawkins, of East Northport, N.Y...PC Data reports that people are not buying personal computers, having bought a lot over the last couple of years; PC manufactuers and retailers are not rushing to commit to significant price reductions as a result, but many computer analysts say they can be expected; photo (M)This pastry chef makes house calls. Michel Floranc, above, who owns Toute Sweet, a wholesale pastry kitchen in Woodside, Queens, will bake souffles or molten chocolate cakes in your kitchen for a dinner party, or he will be there simply to put his...Pastry chef Michel Florance, who owns wholesale pastry kitchen in Woodside, Queens, will bake souffles or molten chocolate cakes in your kitchen for a dinner party; photos (S)Handling sales calls became difficult with all that woofing in the background. Begging for scraps in the cafeteria became a bit much. Allergies flared. So, many once dog-friendly technology companies in and around Silicon Valley now ban dogs in th...Many formerly dog-friendly Silicon Valley companies begin barring employees' dogs from workplaces (M)BRINING works wonders with ham or turkey, producing juicy, firm meat. When I read recently that the method works well for pork, too I was intrigued. Pork has so little fat that it often comes out dry and tough when it's cooked.     So I tried brin...Moira Hodgson Food column describes how to brine pork chops; recipes; drawing (M)"