b"FISH is to Hawaii as beef is to Texas. Isolated in the mid-Pacific, surrounded by waters of proverbial purity, Hawaiians have caught and eaten fish of many varieties in vast quantities ever since they first arrived here from the Marquesas Islands ...First of three travel articles by R W Apple Jr on Hawaiian islands focuses on Hawaiians' love of fish; notes that Hawaiians consume prodigious quantities of prime seafood; reports Hawaiians, per person, eat twice as much fish as mainland Americans, and they consume more sashimi, or sliced raw fish, than anyone except Japanese; photos; recipes (L)MUCH of this job consists of dodging pitches from press agents, but once in a lifetime something different comes along. Your pulse races. You suddenly remember why you got into the business. You cannot believe the words you have just heard:    ''I...John Tierney The Big City column offers humorous coverage of Groundhog Day with Punxsutawney Phil, famous groundhog from Pennsylvania, who will appear on various morning television shows and offer his shadowy prediction about winter (M)THE stories a people tell and retell reveal a lot about who they are and who they want to be, and there is no public narrative more potent today -- or throughout American history -- than the one about redemption. In recent years, the old religious...Pres Bush's embrace of religion-based social programs may well strike chord with American belief in second chances; photo; Bush himself points to his own faith-inspired transformation from hard-drinking oilman to viable politician, while Bill Clinton has made so many comebacks and performed so many mea culpas that even critics have lost count (M)IN a home recording studio surrounded by banks of fancy switches, mixing boards and a small fortune's worth of musical instruments, David Pakman could not appear more content.     ''I always wanted to be a rock star,'' said Mr. Pakman, sitting amo...Booming online music service called myplay allows free access to popular music and has support of music companies because it does not allow users to download music files to their own computers, as other file-sharing programs do; myplay pays royalties on music that is shared among users, although not on music streamed by members from their own 'virtual lockers,' where they can store music ripped from their CD collections; David Pakman, co-founder and president, comments; photo (M)PEOPLE who know Hermann Zapf, the type designer, describe his work in terms usually reserved for fresco painters and classical composers. A legend in calligraphy and book design, Mr. Zapf, who uses passages from the writers Goethe and Hesse in his...Profile of Hermann Zapf, noted German designer of typefaces, whose fonts are generously represented in both Microsoft and Apple Macintosh desktop-publishing and word-processing systems; photo (M)PITY the linguistic purists. An Apple Computer advertisement exhorts, ''Think different'' when it means ''differently.'' A health insurer writes to a policy holder, without humor, to say, ''Thank you for your patients.'' The trouble even reaches i...Business Writing at Its Best teaches proper English usage to professionals and executives; Lynn Agress, founder, says grammar and style have fallen victim to television, informality of Internet and schools that sometimes emphasize computing over reading; she and other writing coaches say most common problem they encounter is wordiness; drawing (M)There are many legendary figures here in Silicon Valley. There are men like Steven Jobs and Stephen Wozniak, Bill Hewlett and David Packard. There are stories of brilliance and innovation and avarice.    But there may be no tale so poignant as tha...John T Draper, legendary phone and computer hacker, who has been jailed and lived as high-tech hobo, has set up Internet security software and consulting firm with small group of partners; Draper holds venture, ShopIP, is way of repaying for his 1970's misadventures, interview; photo (M)ALMOST from the beginning,  my restaurant has offered an all-vegetable tasting menu. I never call it vegetarian, because that word has too many political overtones. It just seemed to fit with what we do, and I like cooking with vegetables. They ar...First of eight columns by Charlie Trotter, chef and owner of Charlie Trotter's in Chicago; he describes making mushroom soup with pears and cumin oil; photo; recipe (M)In some of his strongest comments yet regarding an incident with a fan in Indianapolis last Sunday, Allen Iverson reiterated last night that racial epithets were directed at him during the nationally televised game against the Indiana Pacers.    I...Philadelphia 76ers guard Allen Iverson, in some of his strongest comments yet regarding an incident with fan in Indianapolis last Sunday, reiterates that racial epithets were directed at him during nationally televised game against Indiana Pacers; admits that he was wrong for responding to fan (M)NOT all pubs serve grub.  Greasy hamburgers, onion rings bogged down with soggy breading, lumpy mashed potatoes and limp French fries are nowhere to be found at the new Coppertop Pub and Eatery, at 149 Glen Street, Glen Cove (516-676-4343). That's...Richard Jay Scholem reviews fare at Coppertop Pub and Eatery in Glen Cove, Long Island (A La Carte column (M)"