b"Seeking to recapture its fading leadership in the educational computer market, Apple Computer Inc. introduced a more compact and less expensive version of its iBook consumer-oriented portable computer today.    The machine, at 4.9 pounds and a sta...Apple Computer Inc introduces more compact and less expensive version of its iBook consumer-oriented portable computer; photo (M)FOR the better part of the last century, they billed this little port near Corpus Christi as ''the shrimp capital of Texas.'' As a matter of fact, it was one of the shrimp capitals of the United States, working flat-out to help satisfy the nation'...Article by R W Apple on decline of shrimp industry along Gulf Cast of Texas, where combination of rapidly accelerating demand for fish, heightened ecological consciousness and more aggressive government intervention has unsettled old order; photos (M)You can't tell the formats without a scorecard.    Atheros Communications Inc., a well-financed Silicon Valley start-up company, plans today to announce its first partners to help roll out a new wireless data standard with a name only a geek could...Atheros Communications Inc is set to announce that Card Access, Intermec Technologies, Proxim and TDK, which supply wireless computer data equipment, will be early customers for its new wireless data standard; new high-speed system operates in newly licensed 5 gigahertz swath of radio frequency; will compete with number of other standards operating in other parts of frequency (M)BY the end of summer, when the sun beats down on Pier 84 on the Hudson River, there will be a way for the high school students using the pier as home port to get some relief: shade provided by a 50-by-70-foot polyvinyl tensile structure.    Since ...Polyvinyl tensile structure, 50 by 70 feet, is designed to provide shade for students involved in New York City's Floating Apple boatbuilding program; photo (S) yPink and white dogwoods, purple crab apple blossoms and golden daffodils are abloom in the garden at Drumthwacket in Princeton, the governor's official residence. ''It does seem to be a very lush year,'' said Lisa Paine, executive director of the ...Waterloo Brasserie, sensing the limits of enthusiasm for Belgian food, closed its doors in February. In a quick refitting, the restaurant has reopened with the same owners, the same chef but a new name and menu. It's now Midway, and Bill Schutz, t...William Grimes Diner's Journal review of Midway restaurant in West Village; photo (S)Duke Energy Seeks Deal To End California Inquiries  Duke Energy, a power-generating company accused of overcharging customers millions of dollars during California's energy crisis, has secretly offered Gov. Gray Davis a deal that it hopes will sol...WHAT to say about a restaurant run by a terrifically creative chef, Brian MacMenamin, who surrounds seafood with interesting, varied and delicious garnishes, where fish is pristine, but often overcooked, and where service can be inattentive and ag...WHAT goes around comes around. It is probably only fitting that the sizeable space now occupied by Momos Jazz Brasserie once rocked with the rhythms of Count Basie and Dizzy Gillespie.    That was in the 60's.  Community boathouses have mushroomed along the Hudson, and kayaks, rowboats and small sailboats have now become familiar sights. But one part of the shoreline is unaffected, and it is the one place where the views start to display the beauty celeb..."