b"Apple Computer said today that for the first time it had broken the 1 gigahertz mark in single-processor performance in its personal computer product line, introducing a new high-end desktop system priced at $2,999.    The company also said that i...Apple Computer says for first time it has broken 1 gigahertz mark in single-processor performance in its personal computer product line, introducing new high-end desktop system priced at $2,999; also says it has begun shipping its flat-panel-display iMac G4, and that it has received more than 150,000 orders for new system since it was introduced three weeks ago (M)FROM here to Miami and well beyond, in greasy spoons and roadhouses and proper restaurants, conch (rhymes with honk) is the mollusk of choice. Deep-fried conch fritters are on offer, and conch chowder, cracked conch (a kind of steak), conch salad,...R W Apple Jr describes pleasures of conch, mollusk of choice in South Florida; describes some tasty conch meals at various Key West restaurants; photos; recipes (L)MANY of the protesters in town this week call themselves anarchists. But they sound suspiciously like control freaks.    They like to project themselves as unfettered young rebels, like the goateed guy in cargo pants on the cover of The Village Vo...John Tierney The Big City column contends that protestors at World Economic Forum are more 'control freaks' than anarchists (M)Bush Defends His Refusal To Reveal Enron Contacts  President Bush defended his refusal to turn over information to Congress about contacts between Enron and the administration's energy task force, saying the request was ''an encroachment on the ex...MIDNIGHT at the opening party for Happy Ending, a sleek Lower East Side club, and groove-infused women are swaying their hips while sipping cocktails in creamy pink, gumdrop green and fizzy yellow.    The men? Well, besides watching the women, the...Article on shift among men at bars in hip New York City neighborhoods to the same fruity and colorful mixed drinks favored by women; photo (M)To the Editor:    When I saw Raymond D. Bodnar's letter (Jan. 27) complaining about people saying ''Jersey'' instead of ''New Jersey,'' I felt like applauding.  I, too, would like to know why our state is spoken of in such a demeaning way. Ever si...Kenneth Schwartz letter agrees with Raymond Bodnar's January 27 letter that calling New Jersey just 'Jersey' is demeaningALMOST a century old, the magnificent mansion that J. P. Morgan had built as a gift for his minister and friend William Rainsford seems to take on a richer burnish with every passing year. The view from this hilltop aerie reaches far to the west, ...M H Reed reviews Le Chateau restaurant in South Salem, NY; photos (M)Manhattan has a long and colorful history of old buildings finding new uses. These days, a restaurant that can find a home in an unexpected place wins status points. TanDa, the nouvelle Vietnamese restaurant in a former betting shop, has enjoyed b...William Grimes reviews Theo, Vietnamese restaurant in lower Manhattan; photo (M)THERE'S a warm little restaurant in Lawrenceville, a place that is a mix of tables and easy chairs, sofas and plump cushions, whimsical wall  hangings and window tapestries -- a place where, on a gray winter afternoon or a cold night, you want to ...Karla Cook reviews Fedora Cafe in Lawrenceville, NJ; photo (M)VALENTINE'S DAY is a big romantic deal to many couples. It is also special to many restaurateurs for whom the day is, not incidentally, one of the most profitable of the year.    The following are six Connecticut restaurants that are especially we...Patricia Brooks reviews romantic restaurants in Connecticut appropriate for Valentine's Day: La Colline Verte in Fairfield, Mayflower Inn in Washington, Miramar in Westport, Ondine in Danbury, Restaurant Jean-Louis in Greenwich and Zanghi on Summer in Stamford (M)"