b"Missing and presumed dead: the smiling ''happy Mac'' icon that for millions of Macintosh users had defined Apple's cuddly alternative to gray flannel corporate computing.    Last week, Apple Computer announced 150 new features it added to the new ...Apple Computer has quietly dropped 'happy Mac' icon from new version of its computer operating system, replacing it with Apple logo; smiling icon has been first thing to greet Macintosh users as they start computers for 18 years; drawing (M)RUSTIC, unpretentious, lusty, regional, traditional  Jean-Pierre Xiradakis's cooking is all of that, and delicious in the bargain.    His is the kind of food your mother or grandmother might have served you if you had grown up in southwestern Fran...R W Apple Jr article on Jean-Pierre Xiradakis's restaurant in Bordeau, La Tupina, and the unpretentious but authentic Bordelaise specialties that have made it famous; photos (M)EVERY now and then, I can't help marveling at the direction of popular tastes. I'll never understand why the TiVo video recorder isn't a smash hit, why men grow vertical-caterpillar goatees or why television viewers eliminated the singing sensatio...David Pogue State of the Art column on new flat-screen all-in-one PC's unveiled by Gateway and NEC; compares them to iMac's self-contained computer; photos; drawing (M)HALFWAY into it, Hugh C. Martin realized that the merger he had initiated to protect his fiber optic company would cost him his job.    Mr. Martin had joined the company, ONI Systems of San Jose, Calif., as chief executive in 1998, shortly after i...Former ONI Systems chief executive Hugh C Martin comments on negotiating deal to have fiber optic company absorbed by corporate partner Ciena Corp, only to realize move would cost him his job; photo (M)Next Thursday, here is what the National Football League will get from New York City: Times Square and most nearby streets will be closed to traffic for about half the day, Broadway theaters will raise their curtains half an hour late, and people ...NFL plans huge pre-season party in Times Square (S)''We live on an island,'' said Charles Massoud of Paumanok Vineyards, on the North Fork. ''We ought to eat island food. And with that island food, we ought to drink island wine.''    This an entirely plausible position for Mr. Massoud to take, esp...Howard Goldberg reviews 2001 chenin blanc wine from Paumanok Vineyards; photo (Long Island Vines column) (M)Quail Hawkins, the author of gentle children's books like ''A Puppy for Keeps,'' and ''Mark, Mark, Shut the Door,'' both popular in the 1940's, died on Aug. 16 at the retirement home where she lived in Pacific Grove, Calif. She was 97.    Miss Haw...Quail Hawkins, author of gentle children's books, dies at age 97 (M)NISSANS are still being driven, but Nissan is no longer ''Driven.''    Confused? Nissan North America is hoping you won't be after an ambitious and somewhat ethereal campaign gets under way next week that changes the company's four-year-old brand ...Nissan North America plans ambitious and somewhat ethereal advertising campaign to change its four-year-old brand theme of 'Driven' to 'Shift'; new term is aimed at both improving company's brand image among increasingly demanding consumers and marking company's return to economic health; photo (M)AND so, finally, we escape August, a month of deprivation all over the Garden State. Tens of thousands of us spent an inconvenient chunk of it without electricity, thanks to that nasty storm early on. All of us spent it without water, or at least ...Neil Genzlinger Jersey column offers results of informal survey of what New Jerseyans say they are grateful for; drawing (M)EACH summer we wait impatiently for the local tomatoes to arrive and this summer they have made us wait longer than usual. A peculiar spring fraught with horticultural havoc -- drought followed by heavy rains followed by unseasonal cold followed b...Marian Burros column offers two recipes for tomatoes now coming from garden; photo (M)"