b"Emerging from an early retirement he began more than a decade ago, Stephen Wozniak, one of Silicon Valley's legendary computer designers, has caught start-up fever and is forming a company to develop consumer products based on wireless and global ...Stephen Wozniak, co-founder of Apple Computer, is forming company called Wheels of Zeus to develop consumer products based on wireless and global positioning satellite technologies; company is being backed financially by Mobius Venture Capital, Draper Fisher Jurvetson and Palo Alto Investors; Wozniak comments; photo (M)The Netscape Communications Corporation, the commercial pioneer in Web browsing software, whose fortunes faded after a withering assault from Microsoft, filed a broad antitrust suit yesterday against the company. Netscape charged that its decline ...AOL Time Warner Inc's Netscape Communications Corp files broad antitrust suit against Microsoft Crop, charging that decline in sales of its Web browsing software is result of Microsoft's illegal tactics; suit represents new round of legal problems for Microsoft, carrying potential for billions of dollars in damages and new sanctions on its behavior; Microsoft says it is 'disappointed' by AOL suit, adding that it has consistently tried to cooperate with AOL and has been consistently rebuffed (M)CONSUMERS looking for a bargain on a new computer can find a variety of deals now, as manufacturers and retailers discount leftover holiday stock. But those willing to settle for almost-new may find an even better bargain in a refurbished product....when almost new will do: aWhat about all those songs trapped on cassette tapes and records? Is it possible to transfer them to a PC?    With a little time and effort, the answer is yes. The basic idea is to reverse the flow of sound and send the music out of your stereo an...Guide to transferring music on casssete tapes and records to personal computer; photo (M)7The coffee-colored awning at Bonjour Montclair is an elegant addition to the cluster of shops around the Watchung Plaza train station in Montclair. It's also an invitation to a tiny, friendly cafe and creperie with flavors of France and the Middle...Roberta Zeff reviews Bonjour Montclair cafe and creperie in Montclair, NJ; photo (M)The scores hospitals get from the commission that accredits them bear little resemblance to how their patients actually fare, according to a University of Michigan study that calls for a reconsideration of the way hospitals are evaluated.    Almos...vital signs: standards: what hospitals' scores don't measSCHIFF-Stuart. Amy and I will miss you terribly. We worked closely together for 14 years and we enjoyed a lasting friendship for an additional 12 years. We grieve for Barbara and for Stephen and we will always fondly reflect smilingly on the hundr...THE full-scale arrival of Italian wine-and-panini shops in the last few years has been a great thing, especially for the neighborhoods lucky enough to get a good one. The combination of salads and sandwiches made with simple, fresh ingredients, al...Eric Asimov, in $25 and Under column, reviews Paradou, panini shop on West 12th Street in Manhattan (M)I CAN'T imagine a meal without salad.     The problem is, for most people salad is only one thing: a big pile of leaves and other raw things, an afterthought that happens to be healthy. In winter especially, you have to think about salad different...Kurt Gutenbrunner, in fourth of eight columns, discusses some winter salads; recipes; photos (L)You can't miss the painter Gerhard Richter's studio in a suburb outside Cologne. It is a large white brick-and-concrete shoe box he designed several years ago, an industrial-looking building with a blank wall facing the street. This is a distingui...Michael Kimmelman profile of German painter Gerhard Richter; Richter, who will be subject of major retrospective at Museum of Modern Art, comments, interview; photos (L)"