b"Apple Computer made available the first public version of its software media player, QuickTime 6, yesterday. The new software competes directly with Real Player from Real Networks and Windows Media Player from Microsoft. All three companies are us...Apple Computer offers first public version of its software media player, QuickTime 6; player supports new international standard for view multimedia; Apple says it will also make its new Emac computer more widely available (S)To the Editor:    Regarding R. W. Apple Jr.'s ''Don't Look for Walleye in a Place Called Wobegon'' (May 29): While the pasta here is ''molto gustoso,'' your article made my daily reading of The New York Times on the Web from Rome a mouth-watering ...Richard Eddy letter on R W Apple's May 29 article on pleasures of eating walleyeSUMMER is nigh. The season of backyard barbecues and lakeside cookouts is at hand, which in most parts of the country means an orgy of grilled steaks, hamburgers and hot dogs lasting until Labor Day and beyond.    But not in Wisconsin, and certain...R W Apple Jr reports on scene in Sheboygan, Wis, bratwurst capital of United States; photos (L)''The Eminem Show,'' the latest album from the rapper Eminem, made its debut last week and shot immediately to No. 1 on the Billboard charts. But what has recording industry officials concerned is how popular and widely distributed the album was b...Recording industry officials are concerned about how widely played Eminem's new album was among computer users before it was sold in stores; Gracenote, which tracks music played on computers connected to Internet, and industry officials say people apparently were downloading pirated copies of album on Internet or buying bootlegged copies; photo (M)Gov. Ronnie Musgrove of Mississippi was in New York last week for his state's 23rd annual fish fry in Central Park. The event, the ''Mississippi Picnic,'' was started by Ole Miss alumni who were working in the Big Apple, feeling nostalgic and long...Mississippi Gov Ronnie Musgrove attends 23rd annual Mississippi fish fry in Central Park, NYC; says that Mississippi currently attracts business from many far-flung areas (S)Roger Bryant, a former high-speed test driver for General Motors, frequently had to peel about 20 pounds of potatoes for his extended family of 25. Finding nothing on the market to make this chore easier, he improvised, and made a plastic prototyp...Roger Bryant development potato holder to ease job of peeling potatoes; photo (S)Hebrew Union College, Jewish Institute of Religion  1 West Fourth Street  Greenwich Village  Through June 28      There's quite a story behind the work of this talented Viennese couple, each born in Vienna in 1926, each a Holocaust escapee at age ...Grace Glueck reviews works by Viennese artists Lucie and Peter Paul Porges at Hebrew Union College (M)The British retailer Marks & Spencer is close to reaching an agreement to sell its Kings supermarket chain to Gristede's Foods, a spokeswoman for Marks & Spencer said today.    Marks & Spencer and Gristede's, which is part of the Red Apple Group, ...Marks & Spencer nears accord to sell Kings supermarket chain to Gristede's Foods (M)I don't know how La Sorpresa (The Surprise) in West Norwalk does it. A dinner plateful of a round flat corn griddle cake (called arepa) smothered with baby shrimp and onions costs $5 (and is delicious), an entire roast chicken, served with a huge ...Patricia Brooks reviews La Sorpresa restaurant in Norwalk, Conn (M)FROM Poison to Beck and Moby, today's pop artists are recycling the musical schlock of the 1970's and 80's. Their fascination with kitsch, however, can make us all myopic. Unambiguously good music from those years is being overlooked.    Take the ...Barry Singer article reviews new four-CD boxed set from British band XTC, whose music was popular in Britain in 1970's and 1980's; photo (M)"