b"Apple Computer introduced the eMac yesterday, a white all-in-one computer resembling the original iMac that will be marketed to students and educators. The machine, with a 17-inch monitor and 700 gigahertz processor, starts at $999. For years Appl...Apple Computer introduces eMac that will be marketed to students and educators; machine, with 17-inch monitor and 700 gigahertz processor, starts at $999 (S)With hundreds of millions more Windows PC's than Macs in the world, you may wonder why Apple Computer does not offer a version of its iPod portable MP3 player that is compatible with the majority.     While Apple will not say whether it will ultim...Apple Computer has not offered version of its iPod portable MP3 player that is compatible with Windows PC's, but two other companies have: XPlay by Mediafour and EphPod, which requires second utility program by DataViz; photo (M)Under pressure to revive Sun Microsystems after the collapse of its two strongest markets, telecommunications and Internet commerce, Scott G. McNealy, the company's chairman and chief executive, made the rounds among his senior managers recently i...Sun Microsystems Inc's chairman-chief executive Scott G McNealy, under pressure to revive company after collapse of its strongest markets, telecommunications and Internet commerce, made rounds among his senior managers recently insisting that those who are not ready to sign up for next five years, step aside; departure of Sun's president Edward J Zander provides new evidence that McNealy is intent on clearing decks of generation of Sun management as he begins drive to regain company's dominance in many aspects of corporate computing; photo (M)Whatever the outcome of the Microsoft trial, don't expect Bill Gates to say he's sorry.    For the most part, the Bill Gates on the witness stand at the company's antitrust trial last week was a public relations dream. Gone was the uncooperative p...Analysis of Microsoft Corp chairman Bill Gates's testimony in company's defense against antitrust sanctions sought by state prosecutors; Gates displayed his familiar personas of high-technology visionary and brilliant businessman, without admitting responsibility for company's misdeeds; photo (M)TALKING computers are nothing new. Computers in sci-fi movies have been chatting away for years (think HAL in ''2001''), the physicist Stephen Hawking uses a voice synthesizer to communicate, and the occasional nerd still thinks it's cute to recor...State of the Art column by David Pogue examines MP3-enabled text readers (M)2Tatiana Hoover lives two blocks from the D'Agostino supermarket at 91st Street and Columbus Avenue, and yet for the last few months she has been ordering her groceries from that store via the Internet.    ''It's decadent in a way,'' said Ms. Hoove...Internet grocery shopping makes quiet comeback, despite disappointing start and demise of many start-ups; Richard Tarrant of MyWebGrocer.com, company that designs and services D'Agostino's Web site, comments; photo (M)BERNSTEIN-Sidney. We never had the good fortune of meeting you directly, but it feels as if we did because you clearly had wonderful and endearing influence on your children and grandchildren. Your spirit will undoubtedly carry on through the fami...RALPH GENTLES, a street map and pen in hand, stared at the sidewalk on 42nd Street in front of Grand Central Terminal yesterday morning, then made a tiny scratch on his map to denote a patch of uneven sidewalk. A puddle in a nearby crosswalk got a...Joyce Purnick Metro Matters column discusses cost of personal injury lawsuits to New York City; number of suits has decreased because of numerous settlements, but price tag has increased to about $500 million, as juries become increasingly generous and appellate courts are reluctant to substantially reduce awards; Mayor Michael Bloomberg wants to reduce number of tort suits; State Trial Lawyers Assn continues its annual survey of sidewalks in preparation for claims, and holds city is at fault for allowing infrastructure to deteriorate (M)Ballet Tech  Joyce Theater      The ''Kids Dance'' program presented by Eliot Feld's Ballet Tech on Saturday afternoon offered the quintessential experience of New York City. To see Mr. Feld's ''Meshugana Dance,'' an affectionate salute to Jewish ...Jennifer Dunning reviews Kids Dance program presented by Eliot Feld's Ballet Tech at Joyce Theater (M)WEBSTER'S defines soign\xc3\xa9 as elegantly maintained or modish. The new Woodmere restaurant named Soign\xc3\xa9 certainly lives up to the dictionary description. This newly refurbished storefront exudes stylish elegance.    The staff answers the phone ''Soig...Joanne Starkey reviews Soigne restaurant in Woodmere, NY; photo (M)"