b"Apple Computer's quirky ads have never been as good at building market share as ''mind share,'' or buzz. The current campaign, with Macintosh users talking of why they switched from the Microsoft Windows world to Apple products, has received so mu...Apple Computer's quirky ad campaign featuring Macintosh users talking about why they switched from Microsoft Windows systems prompts many imitations and parodies; one imitation, containing stories by disgruntled Mac users who switched to Windows, is exposed as fake written by Microsoft marketing employees; disclosure spurs Microsoft to remove campaign from its site; photo (M)Alan Kay, a personal computing innovator who was a leader of Xerox's pioneering Palo Alto Research Center in the 1970's, has joined Hewlett-Packard as a senior researcher.    His arrival at Hewlett-Packard Laboratories, which the company is announ...Dr Alan Kay, personal computing innovator who was leader of Xerox's pioneering Palo Alto Research Center in 1970's, joins Hewlett-Packard as senior researcher; discusses plans, interview (M)To the Editor:    At last, the truth is out about Granny Smith apples. In ''Get Lost, Apple Pie'' (Nov. 13), Mark Bittman calls them ''essentially tasteless.'' Then why do so many food writers serve them up in their recipes? Julia Child likes Gold...Jane Feld letter on Mark Bittman's Nov 13 article on making apple pieTHE improbable mad success of the appletini over the last few years has raised the eyebrows, not to mention the hackles, of New York's more self-esteeming mixologists. The cloyingly childish appletini, with its Jolly Rancheresque hit of Sour Pucke...Shaken and Stirred column on Calvados sour cocktail concocted by Savoy chef and owner Peter Hoffman; recipe; photo (M)Design used to feel like a segregated pastime, the province of neurotic aesthetes and people with too much time or money on their hands. The rest of us got what we got and generally liked it -- a toaster was a toaster; blue jeans came one way; and...Introduction to Dec 1 Magazine section devoted to design (M)Highlights and lowlights from the weekend.    SPEAKING  ''You can talk all you want about how we dont deserve to be here, we dont deserve this, we dont deserve that, but we dont apologize for winning. We won 13 games that's all that matters.''  --...Highlights from weekend of college football games discussed; photos (M)At Yummy Memories, the cartoon colors in bin upon bin of Swedish fish, rainbow jelly beans, chocolate-covered gummy bears (really), green apple sour crawlers, chocolates wrapped in sports ball foils and assorted licorice (all from $2.99 to $5 a po...Marge Perry reviews Yummy Memories candy shop in Englewood, NJ; photo (M)The young Iranian filmmaker Samira Makhmalbaf spins artlessness into art. Her movies, which weave fictional plot threads through real situations, feel so immediate that one watches them through an imaginary knothole. Ms. Makhmalbaf was 18 when she...Karen Durbin reviews Samira Makhmalbaf's film Blackboards; photo (M)"