b"THE LUNAR MEN  Five Friends Whose Curiosity  Changed the World  By Jenny Uglow  Illustrated. 588 pages. Farrar, Straus & Giroux. $30.      William Blake's ''dark Satanic mills'' are the three words that stick in the mind about the Industrial Revol...Richard Eder reviews book Lunar Men: Five Friends Whose Curiosity Changed the World by Jenny Uglow; photo (M)I DON'T know why anyone would make a pie instead of a crisp. A crisp, most often made with apples but accommodating of almost any fruit, is better textured, better flavored and easier to make.    It's worth noting, too, that a crisp is higher in f...Mark Bittman The Minimalist column offers recipe for apple crisp as easy alternative to apple pie (M)IT seems increasingly apparent that the secret to success is to have a successful parent. Consider some prominent examples: George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush; Bobby Bonds and Barry Bonds; Henry Fonda and Jane Fonda; Est\xc3\xa9e Lauder and Ronald Laud...Alan B Krueger column on studies showing strong link between parents' socioeconomic status and their children'; graph (M)Packing up and moving all your things from one place to another can be stressful, whether the destination is a new house or a new computer, and a cross-platform move may even seem more daunting than a cross-country relocation. For those who are ju...Move2Mac kit from Detto Technologies simplifies file transfer from Windows to Macintosh computer operating systems; photo (S)Photo of crowd of teachers watching Broadway entertainment on big screen in Midtown Manhattan; Washington Mutual Bank gave 14,000 pairs of theater tickets to teachers in appreciation for their workPhoto of crowd of teachers watching Broadway entertainment on big screen in Midtown Manhattan; Washington Mutual Bank gave 14,000 pairs of theater tickets to teachers in appreciation for their workI don't know why anyone would make a pie instead of a crisp. A crisp, most often made with apples but accommodating of almost any fruit, is better textured, better flavored and easier to make. \n\nIf you choose to use pears instead of apples, be awa...IF your PC is getting on in years, perhaps it's time to consider getting a new one. But before you start shopping, consider the alternatives. It may (or may not) be cheaper or easier to upgrade your system with more memory, a larger hard drive or ...Performance of sluggish computers can often be improved by replacing hardware components or installing software designed to upgrade system capabilities; but costs, difficulties and limitations of refurbishing older models sometimes makes purchase of new computer most sensible option; drawing (M) To the Editor:      Re ''Forget the Files and the Folders: Let Your Screen Reflect Life'' (Essay, Nov. 7):   Rob Norman letter relies to David Gelerntner's Nov 7 article on 'narrative information management' promised by MicrosoftNot everyone loves the idea of spending Thanksgiving Day in the kitchen. If you're thinking of dining out that day, here are suggestions.    AZ *** [Rating: three stars]  (212) 691-8888; 21 West 17th Street (near Fifth Avenue); $$$$; Review: 7/26/...Excerpts from previously published reviews of New York restaurants that serve turkey on Thanksgiving Day (M)The lines are shorter now that beach season is over, but customers still queue up for doughnuts at Hoffman's, on a nondescript street in Point Pleasant. Hand-formed, yeast or cake dough, filled with jellies or homemade custard, rolled in cinnamon ...Beverly Savage reviews Hoffman's Donut Shop in Point Pleasant Beach, NJ; drawing (M)"