b" To the Editor:     ''For Foreign Language Learners, the Web Unties Tongues'' (Dec. 19) implies that some foreign-language-based communicative acts can be accomplished only on a Windows computer.   Benjamin Rifkin letter on Dec 19 article contends Macintosh is more language-friendly than Windows PC platformIf a picture is worth a thousand words, a voice message should be worth at least $6.95. That's how much AGC Sound is asking for a new card that lets senders record a 10-second message and then send it by mail for little more than the price of a st...AGC Sound offers postcard that lets senders record 10-second message and then send it by mail for little more than price of standard letter; photo (M)Lying dormant in virtually every digital cable box in America is technology that can prevent viewers from recording certain programs to watch them later. Soon, several Hollywood studios are planning to tell cable operators to flip the switch.     ...New ground rules of cultural consumption will likely be decided in next few years as providers of entertainment from movies to music exert pressure to retain control of product while consumers try to subvert that control; entertainment companies will employ digital technology to prevent theft of digital product that consumers trade and pirate online; while copyright infringement suits continue, studios are attaching expiration dates to digital copies of music and movies over objection of consumers; industry also wants to impose new electronic rules about recording and copyright on digital television broadcasts and is pressuring FCC to adopt regulations to spur transition to digital television; movie companies say they will withhold most sought-after programming from digital broadcasts until they are assured it will be protected; photos (L)There is no question that Microsoft Windows, the name of the dominant personal computer operating system, is one of the leading brands in the world. Today, Windows is the face of computing for nearly 400 million people worldwide -- the software th...Microsoft Corp may have real fight on its hand in its trademark-infringement suit against Lindows.com, startup company that sells desktop operating software based on Linux operating system; alleges that Lindows.com is using copy-cat name to get free ride on trademark it has spent $1.2 billion marketing and promoting; Lindows.com says that when Microsoft adopted its trademark in 1980's, 'windows' was commonly used in software industry to describe systems that display programs or data in rectangular windows on PC screens; Judge John C Coughenour has refused Microsoft's plea for temporary injunction against Lindows.com and will rule in January on Lindows.com's motion to revoke Windows trademark; photo (M)BLY-Estelle S. Of New York (formerly of Great Neck) age 91. Loving widow of Saul Bly died peacefully on January 3rd, after a brief illness. Beloved mother of Linda Boxenbaum (Lewis) and Susan Obel (David). Adored grandmother of Nancy Rotenier (Rob...BLY-Estelle S. Of New York (formerly of Great Neck) age 91. Loving widow of Saul Bly died peacefully on January 3rd, after a brief illness. Beloved mother of Linda Boxenbaum (Lewis) and Susan Obel (David). Adored grandmother of Nancy Rotenier (Rob...GROWING UP in the 1950's I helped my grandfather in his garden. He was a believer in organic gardening long before it became popular. By the age of 5, I was responsible for the daily stirring of a concoction made from hen manure and rain water, Gr...Henry Homeyer Cuttings column on use of compost tea to invigorate plants without use of toxic chemicals; drawing (M)GROWING up in the 1950's, I helped my grandfather in his garden. He was a believer in organic gardening long before it became popular. By the age of 5, I was responsible for the daily stirring of a concoction made from hen manure and rain water, G...MANHATTAN BEACH has come to Garden City. Walk Street, a new Nassau restaurant, is named for an area of Manhattan Beach, Calif., where streets are closed to vehicular traffic and neighbors stroll and dine al fresco. Come summer, the restaurant plan...Joanne Starkey reviews Wall Street restaurant in Garden City, NY; photo (M)Denise Paige Gordon and Dr. Edgard Said El Chaar were married on Wednesday at Notre Dame des Victoires Roman Catholic Church in San Francisco. The Rev. Gary R. Thomas performed the ceremony.    Mrs. El Chaar, 34, was until last month a portfolio m..."