b"Apple Computer yesterday gave a brief demonstration of iChat, an instant messenger program that is intended to be compatible with America Online's AOL Instant Messenger Service. Apple demonstrated its new instant messenger client at the first day ...Apple Computer gives brief demonstration of iChat, instant messaging program that is intended to be compatible with America Online's AOL Instant Messenger Service (S)When Mary Mazzio acted in a school play, became a cheerleader or rowed doubles in the 1992 Summer Olympics, she said her mother was always referred to as ''Mary Mazzio's mother.''    Paula Mazzio's anonymity to the public struck Mazzio as unfair, ...Richard Sandomir Sports Media column discusses new television film Apple Pie: Raising Champions, which will be shown on ESPN Classic; film documents influence of athletes' mothers on their careers (M)Apple's OS X operating system, with its attractive interface, has gained plenty of fans since its debut last year. And more users took it to heart when Microsoft shipped its Office X software suite for Macintosh a few months ago.     But for anyon...Symantec offers variety of system enhancements for Apple's OS X computer operating system, including virus protection software and software to keep out hackers; photo (S)SURELY this is the moment to cry for Argentina. Or is it?    After years of economic contraction and months of political turmoil, money is short and times are hard. Vacations have been canceled and housing purchases deferred. Food-loving Argentine...R W Apple article on restaurant scene in Buenos Aires, where Argentina's economic troubles have forced people to cut back on consumption of beef; says that while some restaurants have been forced to close, devaluation of peso has help local restaurants in two ways: keeping prosperous Argentines from traveling abroad and attracting foreign visitors to Buenos Aires, which is no longer as expensive as it used to be; photos (L)A COUPLE of years ago I accompanied my wife to a plastic surgeons' convention. There on the exhibition floor, among the booths hawking surgical instruments, implants and sutures, I came upon the strangest sight: a company selling hands. They were ...David Pogue State of the Art column assesses new Blackberry 5810 wireless e-mail palmtop and cellphone from Research in Motion; drawing; photo (M)Doughnuts may not be quite as American as, say, apple pie, but they come close enough to make Samir Nasier, a Saudi fast-food king, nervous.     So nervous, in fact, that Mr. Nasier and his brothers are offering roughly $300,000 to anyone who can ...American support for Israel is driving grass-roots effort to punish America by boycotting its consumer products throughout Arab world; word is being spread via Internet, mosque sermons, fliers and even mobile phone messages; purchases of American goods generated by 300 million Arabs form very small part of American exports, but long boycott could retard spread of franchises and other products; boycotts are largely effort of individuals and small groups without government involvement; they reflect growing sentiment that Arabs should distance themselves from United States, and they want their governments to do likewise; photos (M)Petits fours can't compete. As a treat for diners at Cello, 53 East 77th Street, Laurent Tourondel, the chef, spins tufts of surprisingly tart and refreshing green-apple cotton candy and places a jar of it on each table. A serving fork is provided...Several Manhattan restaurants make cotton candy as after-dinner treat; photo (S)This Mother's Day, anticipating a water shortage, say it with a container garden. The one at right was created by Kathy Pufahl, a container specialist and owner of Beds and Borders, a wholesale grower in Laurel, N.Y. She used an urn with a 16-inch...Kathy Pufahl's container gardens make fine Mother's Day gifts; photo (S)Robin Elizabeth Reitzes, the daughter of Bobbi and Robert Reitzes of Chappaqua, N.Y., was married last evening to Adam Samuel Kern, a son of Marjorie Malina-Kern and Joel Kern, also of Chappaqua. Rabbi Eric Siroka officiated at Tappan Hill in Tarr..."