b"Apple Computer said yesterday that it would raise prices on its popular flat-panel iMac by $100 because of cost increases in displays and memory chips. It said it had sold 125,000 of the new computers since it began shipping them at the end of Jan...Apple Computer says it will raise prices on its popular flat-panel iMac model by $100 because of cost increases in displays and memory chips; says it ihas sold 125,000 of new computers since it began shipping them at end of January and has backlog of 100,000 orders (M)As the landmark antitrust battle against the Microsoft Corporation enters its latest phase, the company's opponents are trying to shift the focus to how Microsoft will be prevented from abusing its market power in new technologies.    The penalty ...Penalty phase of Microsoft Corp antitrust case begins in federal court, Washington, with nine states that have broken away from settlement between Microsoft and government telling Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly that unless court imposes strong punishments on company, it will continue using its monopoly on personal computer operating system to crush rivals in technoogies like media players and Linux operating system; Microsoft's lawyer Dan K Webb says penalties proposed by nine states would 'essentially destroy Microsoft' and that company will be forced to stop selling its Windows operating system, which sits on 90 percent of world's personal computers (M)YOUNGSTERS who don't know any better might assume that Albert Einstein is an invention of the computer age. His picture appeared in Apple Computer's ''Think Different'' ad campaign, and he made a cameo appearance in a 1995 video game, Command & Co...Electronic Arts files suit seeking to use Albert Einstein's image in a video game without making payments to Hebrew University of Jerusalem, which owns rights to his image and which had not granted permission to company (S)Spring 2002 is a feast of pink and green, as clothes, accessories, beauty products and furnishings bloom in the season's favorite color combination. Inspired by the palette of unfashionable institutions like the Snappy Turtle in Kennebunkport, Me....Coach's new Girlie Paisley pocketbooks described; photo (Pulse column) (S)Working With Phyllo Dough    Q. Every time I try to make something with phyllo dough it dries out while I'm working with it. I unfold the sheets of dough on a countertop and cover them with plastic wrap, but the dough still gets too dry. Is there ...Long before Carlos Leon worshiped at the shrine of Madonna, or at that of their daughter, Lourdes, there was his mother, Maria, a woman with an equally saintly name.     ''I talk to my mother, and father, every day,'' Carlos says during a visit to...Joyce Chang article on actor Carlos Leon, former husband of singer Madonna, who tries to eat healthy diet (special section, Style & Entertaining) (part 2 of 2-part section) photo (M)MY 18-year-old daughter was born eight weeks premature with hyaline membrane disease. She had two IV's as she was in the neonatal unit. The doctor said it could be brain damage, lung damage or heart damage. When I first saw her, I put my finger in...David C Novak, chief executive of Tricon Global Restaurants, write The Boss column on importance of persistence and hard work; photo (M)MURRAY SPIEGEL turns Passover into his own Halloween. Mr. Spiegel, a software engineer, dresses in costumes, empties furniture from several rooms of his Roseland house and replaces it with elaborate sets for the Seder, the ritual holiday supper.  ...Article on Murray Spiegel, Rickey Stein, Rabbi Ron Kaplan and Ann Thayer-Cohen, just a few of increasing number of Jews in New Jersey who stage elaborate and untraditional Passover seders each year; photo (M)  INSECT DREAMS   The Half Life of Gregor Samsa.   By Marc Estrin.   468 pp. New York:   BlueHen Books/   G. P. Putnam's Sons. $26.95.  Ken Tucker reviews book Insect Dreams: The Half Life of Gregor Samsa by Marc Estrin (M)JERRY CADORETTE and I were holding hands the other day, as Mr. Cadorette, red-haired and blue-eyed as a rare tiger, explained the finer points -- wrist angle, elbow drag, shoulder alignment -- of his sport. Mr. Cadorette, a sales manager at a Niss...Profile of professional arm wrestler Jerry Cadorette; he has more than 300 national and international titles to his name; photos (L)"