b"COULD it really have been less than two months ago? It feels like a decade.    The Republicans had held onto the House of Representatives, which was expected, and wrested control of the Senate from the Democrats, which was not. With a highly popul...Sen Trent Lott's downfall as Republican majority leader over racially insensitive remark reignites debate over party's traditional reliance on racist or near-racist votes in South; Lott affair is not expected to recede politically anytime soon, and Pres Bush faces far harder task in his campaign to demonstrate that Republican Party is open to all; drawings (M)FOR two years, Jason Eric Smith, a 21-year-old sophomore at the University of New Orleans, had been finding good deals on used Macintosh computers and then reselling them on eBay.     Until a week before Thanksgiving, Mr. Smith's small enterprise ...Article recounts how Jason Eric Smith, who sells used Macintosh computers online through eBay, used suggestions from cyberfriends to trace man who defrauded him; Harold Rheingold, expert on online communities, uses term 'smart mobs' for groups composed of strangers who use common means of communication like Internet to act collectively; photos (M)To the Editor:    Re ''Giving More Puccini to the People'' by William Wright [Dec. 8]:    The aesthetic and political notion of popular opera in the theater was widespread in the populist days of the Depression. The first full-fledged Broadway exa...Eric Salzman letter says 1935 production of Porgy and Bess was not first opera on Broadway; notes 1934 production of Virgil Thomson-Gertrude Stein opera Four Saints in Three Acts (S)Most jewelry shops replace their baubles with photos in their windows at night. When J. Mavec, 946 Madison Avenue (74th Street), closes, the windows are filled with jars of honey. Janet Mavec, the owner of the shop that sells new and estate jewelr...Several new varieties of honey available at Balducci's and other outlets noted; photo (S)THE Maine Maid Inn in Jericho is a nostalgic destination for Long Islanders. Over the last half century, we've gone there for holiday parties, weddings, Kiwanis luncheons and family dinners.    Lately, there have been changes at the venerable inn....Joanne Starkey reviews America the Restaurant at Maine Maid Inn in Jericho, NY; photo (M)PROVENCE is the hot pleasure button of French life. Press it, and you get a multicolored fantasy of sun, sea and sex. Because it is a French fantasy, a good meal is part of the package, and in fact, the meal may come first, for Provence is, above ...William Grimes reviews Aix, Upper West Side restaurant featuring Provencal cuisine; photo (M)THE Red Dish Grille and Martini Bar in Commack is Manhattan cool and red hot. Its sleek, sophisticated 1950's-60's retro good looks and contemporary American dishes with Italian, Asian and Latino nuances are packing them in at 6300 Jericho Turnpik...Richard Jay Scholem reviews Red Dish Grille and Martini Bar in Commack, NY (A La Carte column) (M)DINNER at an elegant restaurant can be both gastronomically and therapeutically rewarding, and that is never more so than during the Christmas holidays.    After the hassle of shopping, baking, tree decorating, cooking and organizing, I for one am...Patricia Brooks reviews Thomas Henkelmann restaurant at Homestead Inn in Greenwich and Miramar restaurant in Inn at National Hall in Westport, Conn; photos (M)I HAVE long admired the idea of teaming a fish shop with a fish restaurant, a relationship that almost guarantees fresh seafood in both establishments. A case in point is the successful partnership of Eastchester Fish Market and Eastchester Fish G...M H Reed reviews Eastchester Fish Gourmet restaurant in Scarsdale, NY; photos (M)The black bears here are acting up again, popping out car windows and ransacking campsites, and park officials are struggling to understand why.    After three years of extraordinary declines in bear encounters, the number of incidents has more th...Number of encounters between bears and people at Yosemite National Park more than doubles this year, causing park officials to worry about possibility of injury; people continue to leave food in cars despite repeated warnings, some intentionally doing so to draw bears; photo (M)"