b"SO you have a digital video camera, a computer and the creative urge. Where do you go from here to turn your video into a slick, professional-looking production on a DVD or a video CD, complete with title screens, fancy scene transitions, rolling ...Video-editing programs help novice turn digital video into slick, professional-looking production on DVD or video CD; programs by Apple and Adobe are pricey, but for amateurs, there is software that runs less than $100 that perform admirably; some products described; photos (M)THE choreographer Lisa LeAnn Dalton isn't responsible for everything that moves at the Big Apple Circus. Trainers handle the animal cast: the large, handsome horses, the fluffy white poodles that jump rope and the surprisingly tolerant house cat t...Profile of choreographer and former dancer Lisa LeAnn Dalton, who teaches members of Big Apple Circus to act, dance and move gracefully; photo (M)HERE in the land of drive-through daiquiri joints and truck-stop casinos, you often eat better in grocery stores, butcher shops and cafes than you do in restaurants. There are exceptions, of course, but in Acadiana, as a rule, the more rudimentary...R W Apple Jr reports on cajun cooking and cajun restaurant in southwestern Louisiana; photos; map (L)These apples, Arkansas blacks, may be among the most exotic of the heirloom varieties, with their Burgundy skins that shade to ebony. They are medium-size, with deep ivory flesh that is dense, meaty and complex, at once tart and alluringly sweet. ...Comment on Arkansas blacks, among most exotic of heirloom apple varieties; originally from Arkansas, they are now grown in California; photo (S)THE holiday movie season is approaching, and Keith Whitmer's production studio is shifting into high gear. Mr. Whitmer sits for hours in a room in Manhattan viewing scenes accumulated from a year of shooting, then more hours putting a movie togeth...Some audiovisual hobbyists create Christmas 'cards' on CD using family photos and video clips, laboriously arranging them and setting them to music, and send copies to far-flung family and friends; althought time consuming, it appears to be labor of love for most; photos (L)''The vast majority of returns are not because the product functions improperly,'' said Walt Shill, the president of www.Returnbuy.com, which offers ''like-new'' returned electronics for up to 60 percent off. Cameras, DVD's, VCR's and other produc...Returnbuy.com offers 'like-new' returned electronics for up to 60 percent off; items come with description of condition; drawing (Currents column) (S)IT was perhaps the biggest non-event in the history of Dell Computer. Hiroshi Hamada, the head of Dell's consumer computer sales unit in Japan, designed a Web site to supplement the company's fledgling telephone sales here. It was 1997, after all,...Dell Computer's success in Japanese market, overtaking IBM this year as best-selling American personal computer maker there, discussed; growth in Asia, half of it from Japan, is helping Dell blunt impact of industry's global slump; photo; graph of Dell's shipments to Japan (M)SPRIGHTLY holly sprigs, jaunty Santas, Christmas trees trimmed to the top: these are the familiar gift-wrapping imagery of holidays past. But this year there are welcome alternatives. Sophisticated computer-generated patterns, fine art and fabric ...Marianne Rohrlich Personal Shopper column features exciting gift wrappings that are departure from everyday patterns; photo (M)THE physical transformation from cozy Proven\xc3\xa7al French to a modish Asian theme has been so extreme that it is difficult to recognize the space now inhabited by Bamboo Caf\xc3\xa9 Bar in South Norwalk.    The d\xc3\xa9cor suggests the Orient more consistently th...Asked for his most important piece of advice to young architects, Philip Johnson once famously remarked, ''First, get the client.'' He may have garnered this bit of wisdom from Frank Lloyd Wright, who is widely considered the most original America...Antiques column describes Frank Lloyd Wright lamp from Dana-Thomas House in Illinois being auctioned by Christie's and leaded-glass Tiffany lamps being auctioned by Sotheby's; photo (M)"