b"AS events spun disastrously out of control in August of 1914, Sir Edward Grey, the British foreign secretary, summed up the situation in a despondent remark that has been remembered ever since. ''The lamps are going out all over Europe,'' he said....Article says spiraling Israeli-Palestinian conflict has potential not only to spill over to rest of Middle East, but also to quickly become global, challenging United States and other major powers to distinguish between what is prudent and what is rash; says situation evokes trap of out-of-control events that history set for Europe in 1914; drawing (M)Only an antisocial East Ender could walk by Peconic Bay Winery's Local Flavor Red without giving it a second glance.    If the wine's modest name itself is not an eye-catcher, a nostalgic photograph on the label showing a farmer wielding a hand pl...Dressed in flowing robes from a fantasy of long-ago Persia, Lena Dun peers at the computer screen in her underground workshop and furiously clicks her mouse, cursing technology. Upstairs, wall sconces flicker behind her saleswomen, who sip from go...Lena Dun prepares for high season at Moresca Clothing and Costume, Ulster Park, NY, maker of medieval costumes; people buy costumes to wear at medieval festivals and other gatherings; photo (M)THIS is my sad time of year.    It is mid-April and the magnolia in my neighbor's front yard, the view I admire from my office window, is in full opulent bloom. The apple tree we planted in honor of our son's birth nine years ago has delicate buds...Donna Cornachio essay describes melancholy she feels in spring over loss of her father, who died seven years ago, and transformations as her children and nature bloom (M)Bounded to the north by San Mateo and to the south by San Jose, Silicon Valley has become a comfortable mix of shopping malls and office parks over the last three decades. Once, the land between Stanford University and downtown San Jose was the na...Travel article on Silicon Valley, Calif, suggesting where to stay, where to eat and things to do; photo (M)AT first glance, the lines outside the Neue Galerie might suggest enthusiasm for the art of Oskar Kokoschka. His Expressionist portraits are on display at the museum, the city's newest, and critics have been enthusiastic. But the visitors clogging...William Grimes reviews Cafe Sabarsky in Neue Galerie, Manhattan; photo (M)THE photographs that Fabien Baron took of his SoHo loft for Vanity Fair last year revealed a wealth of beautiful things: Vasa acrylic sculptures, Berndt Friberg ceramics, a sofa and chairs of Mr. Baron's own design. But he said the other day that ...Vanity Fair fashion photographer Fabien Baron comments on his favorite camera, large-format Linhof Master Technika; photo (M)AS a former New Englander who spent one too many weekends visiting local country inns, I have a reflexive aversion to any quaint hostelry conjured from aged wood frame buildings. In my book, ''antique inn'' is code for paper-thin walls, shared plu...Hilary de Vries travel article describes spring weekend get-away to Gaige House Inn in Glen Ellen, Calif, and visits to restaurants and wineries in California's Sonoma Valley; photos; map (L)"