b"Dr. Jennifer Apple Lord, a medical resident, and Michael Alan Sussmann, a specialist in tracking Internet crime, are to be married today in Boston. Rabbi Fredric S. Pomerantz is to officiate at the Boston Harbor Hotel.    The bride, 31, is known a...The billionaire software executive Lawrence J. Ellison, whose Oracle Corporation has had six straight quarters of falling sales, quit as a director of Apple Computer after five years that included bringing back Steven P. Jobs to lead a turnaround....Lawrence J Ellison, founder and chief executive of Oracle Corp, resigns from Apple Computer's board of directors to devote more time to reversing Oracle's sales slump (S)R.W. Apple Jr. returns to the Armagnac region to check up on the status of the French brandy.TO tell the truth, I don't remember when I had my first swig of Armagnac, but I know when I really fell for the stuff. It was a rainy day in the fall of 1971, or maybe 1972, at a restaurant in Villenueve-de-Marsan, a little crossroads town about h...R W Apple Jr discusses Armagnac in first of two articles on French brandies; photos (L)AT Ruby Skye, an 1890 theater transformed into one of the city's most fashionable music clubs, the artistry is not limited to the turntable and the dance floor. A 24-foot-wide screen provides a canvas for the video jockey, a visual artist with the...Video jockeys have become vital part of nightclub scene, using hardware and software tools to manipulate complex 3-D animations to music's beat; visual projections that pulse in time to music are not new, but innovative tools combined with technical adeptness make video jockeys almost as important as DJ's; photos (M)The end of summer does not have to mean the end of the delightful smoky aroma of grilled food. The compact Camerons Stovetop Smoker can be used to smoke foods in the kitchen. Spread fine wood chips in the bottom, cover them with the smoker's metal...Camerons Stovetop Smoker allows one to smoke foods in kitchen; photo (S)I've been to the end of the plank twice without any goading from a pirate. For at one end of Paterson Plank Road is an unexpected oasis known as the Waterfront Cafe, Driving Range and Marina. On a lovely Thursday evening, my friend Fiona and I too...Jack Silbert reviews Waterfront Cafe in Carlstadt, NJ; photo (M)IF location is a major factor in deciding the success or failure of a business, Iron Horse Grill could not be more favorably situated. But from its vantage point on Pleasantville's main street, next to a busy Metro-North train station and around t...M H Reed reviews Iron Horse Grill in Pleasantville, NY; photos (M)When Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg entered the Topkapi Palace here this morning near the end of his European trip, the first thing he saw was not the gold or jewels of the Ottoman sultans who lived there for nearly 400 years but a traveling exhibit o...New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg is warmly received in Istanbul, Turkey; enthusiastic greetings and expressions of sympathy for 9/11 are ubiquitous; photo (M)Theater    ''CINDERELLA,'' a 45-minute puppet version of the fairy tale, with music by Prokofiev, at the Papageno Puppet Theater, 462 Columbus Avenue, near 82nd Street, Manhattan. Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30 a.m. and 2 p.m. through September. T..."