b"BEFORE spending a week in Luxembourg early last spring, I knew the following things about the place: (1) It used to have dirt-cheap Icelandic Airways  flights from New York, much loved in the 1950's by me and my hard-up college chums. (2) People t...R W Apple travel article describes weeklong springtime trip to Luxembourg; photos; maps; charts (L)There can be a fierceness about maintaining an independent bookstore in an African-American community that perhaps cannot be imagined elsewhere, where independent stores fail amid some fuss and publicity and are quickly forgotten because there are...Article on remarkable community effort to keep Apple Book Center, independent book store in predominantly black neighborhood owned by Sherry McGee, from closing; community comittee has been formed and store has started selling memberships for store discounts to help offset mounting debt; photo (M)Leaders of two of the nation's most prominent industries, entertainment and technology, have begun publicly sniping at each other over how to stop consumers from illegally copying digital movies, music and television programs.    The feud grows ou...Hollywood studios and record companies are putting pressure on makers of personal computers, DVD players and portable music players to come up with technology to prevent machines from playing copyrighted material if someone illegally downloads it or copies it to blank compact disc; technology industry is resisting, saying proposal would slow innovation, hobble its products and potentially stop consumers from making copies of compact discs and other products they own; they say what Hollywood is asking for is not technologically feasible; Walt Disney Co chairman Michael D Eisner suggested to Senate Commerce Committee on Feb 28 that companies, including Apple Computer, Dell Computer, Microsoft and Intel, failed to develop adequate protection for digital media because piracy helps sell computers; Intel chairman Andrew S Grove denounced Eisner's statement; Senate Judiciary Committee plans to explore disadvantages to consumers of locking up digital media more securely; AOL Time Warner chief executive Richard D Parsons and Intel chief executive Craig R Barrett are scheduled to testify; Apple Computer chief executive Steven P Jobs says most people want to be honest, and if offered reasonable choices, most people will choose to buy their content; photos (M) To the Editor:    Re ''You Listen, You Pay: Post-Napster Music Services'' (Basics, March 7): You must live in some kind of major-corporation-dominated dream world.  THE software industry has long been a staging ground for huge battles over intellectual property, starting perhaps 15 years ago when Apple Computer accused Microsoft of stealing the look and feel of the Macintosh. Today, the industry is awaiting a...Software industry is closely watching British Telecommunications' lawsuit claiming patent on hyperlinking, process of linking Web pages so users can move from one page to another by simply clicking on highlighted text; company contends that hyperlinking would be impossible without technology covered by Hidden Page patent, which was applied for in 1976 and granted in 1989 (M)NECHAMKIN-Leon. Young Israel of Harrison mourns the passing of Leon Nechamkin, beloved father of its devoted member, Gabe Nachamkin, and extends heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family. Yaakov Bienenfeld, Rabbi Stephen J. Apple, PresidentAT this little restaurant, crammed with tables, , brilliant seasonal flowers cast a welcoming glow in the dining room, turning the plain space into something special. Adding to the effect, bare branches traced with pin lights sparkled against the ...M H Reed reviews Meetinghouse restaurant in Bedford, NY; photos (M)''Sugar Busters! for Kids,'' by Dr. Sam S. Andrews, Dr. Luis A. Balart, Dr. Morrison C. Bethea and Dr. H. Leighton Steward, Ballantine Books, $23.95.    ''Your Body, Your Diet,'' by Dr. Elizabeth Dane, Ballantine Books, $25.95.John Langone reviews books Sugar Busters! for Kids by Drs Sam S Andrews, Luis A Balart, Morrison C Bethea and H Leighton Steward and Your Body, Your Diet by Dr Elizabeth Dane; photos (M)Chip Developer Buys A Rival for $1.4 Billion  The Intersil Corporation, a large developer of microchips that power high-speed wireless networks, agreed yesterday to acquire a rival, Elantec Semiconductor, for $1.43 billion.    The deal is expected...WHAT'S for lunch? Here's a sampling of executives' menus:    * James Schamus, co-chairman of Good Machine, a film production company in Manhattan, orders takeout. Three days a week, Mr. Schamus has a turkey sandwich with havarti and avocado from Z...Top executives in New York City are abandoning two-hour business lunch, partly to cut their calorie intake and company's expenses, but mainly to bolster productivity; photo (M)"