b"IT is made from exotic fruits that grow far away  bitter oranges that hang like golden baubles amid the shiny leaves of trees near Seville in southern Spain. Its name comes from marmelo, the Portuguese word for quince. It has been eaten in one for...R W Apple Jr on marmalade as quintessentially, unmistakably British products; describes visit to Wilkin & Sons, marmalade and jam manufacturer in Tiptree, England; photos (M)As Barry Lam shows a visitor around the art gallery on the top floor of his corporate headquarters, his gaze keeps coming back to a blue-and-green landscape by the legendary Chinese painter, Zhang Daqian.    The painting is called ''Dawning Light ...Interview with Quanta Computer founder Barry Lam on Taiwan firm's emergence as world's top notebook PC maker; he sees continuing rapid growth; little-known company, which makes computers for leading manufacturers, is also moving into desktop market; photo (M)All-Spam Station      I rarely read the junk e-mail that floods my mailbox. But listening to Spamradio (spamradio.com), I was reminded of the potentially insinuating effect of such messages. This site, started up last week, takes spam that randoml...Online Diary reports on several Web sites, including one that takes spam that randomly arrives at its host computer and automatically converts it into audio broadcast and another that tests visitor's ability to identify people by Asian descent (M)Cadbury Schweppes is close to acquiring Nantucket Nectars, the fruit juice company that is majority owned by Ocean Spray Cranberries Inc., people close to the discussions said today.    The companies are expected to announce the deal this week, al...Cadbury Schweppes reportedly is close to acquiring Nantucket Nectars, majority owned by Ocean Spray Cranberries Inc (M)OUR area offers a varied selection of French dining experiences, from formal to bistro, from cream-based classics to lighter cafe fare. The array of dishes Pascal's prepares should please any cardiologist: most sauces are derived from chopped vege...M H Reed rviews Pascal's restaurant in Larchmont, NY; photos (M)IS Justin's actually Piccolo II ? The newly opened Hicksville spot resembles Piccolo, the highly popular, elegant storefront in Huntington, right down to the live piano music. It's not a coincidence because the stamp of Dino Philippis is on both r...Joanne Starkey reviews Justin's restaurant in Hicksville, Long Island; photo (M)LIKE a flower poking through the gritty concrete near the mouth of the Queens-Midtown Tunnel, Tournesol, a new French bistro in Long Island City, is a spray of brightness on a field of gray. Outside of a couple, winning restaurants don't easily co...Eric Asimov reviews Tournesol, French bistro in Long Island City, Queens (M)THERE are hickory wood chips in the smokers and warm corn chips on the tables at the new Eldorado Southern BBQ in the Waldbaum's Centereach Plaza on the corner of Middle Country Road and Holbrook Road (631-588-7227). Although it is a Long Islandiz...Richard Jay Scholem reviews Eldorado Southern BBQ restaurant in Centereach, Long Island (A La Carte column) (M)''SHIVER me timbers, it's Black Dog himself,'' exclaimed my companion, getting right into the spirit, as we entered Pirate, a restaurant in the heart of Norwalk. Sitting there, observing us (and all new arrivees) was an almost-lifelike rendering o...Patricia Brooks reviews Pirate restaurant in Norwalk, Conn (M)Stefanya, a doleful, aging Pole, sat on a milk crate early yesterday morning in Brooklyn, vowing that she would work for no less than $10 an hour.    ''I forgot tonight was Passover,'' Stefanya said through an interpreter, noticing that the bakery...Polish women gather on Brooklyn street corner hoping to get day work cleaning houses of ultraorthodox Satmar Jews; women agree to accept no less than $10 per hour; photo (M)"