b"WHEN I was growing up in the Midwest more than half a century ago, mahi-mahi had not yet made it from the tropics to the flatlands, except occasionally in frozen form. To taste the real thing, you had to travel to Hawaii. To taste fresh red snappe...Walleye, fish once scorned, is gaining in popularity; in Minnesota, walleye never lost its appeal; it is favorite of fishermen and regularly appears on most restaurant menus, cooked variety of ways; photos (M)Some restaurants are allowing dessert-lovers to compile their own assortments of mini-sweets. At Th\xc3\xa9o, 325 Spring Street (Greenwich Street), the desserts, in identical little cups, are layered treats combining cake, mousse, cream, fruit and sauces...Some restaurants allow dessert-lovers to compile their own assortments of mini-sweets; photo (S)Clouds of apple scent drift across the concrete plaza, drawing young and old alike to the tiny white cottage recently sprung up in front of the main branch of the Brooklyn Public Library. Scrunching noses to the windowpane, they peer past the ging...Performance artist Anissa Mack is making apple pies for the public in her installation, called Pies for a Passerby, from children's playhouse cottage in front of main branch of Brooklyn Public Library; idea is to see what happens when classic image of small-town America--swiping of fresh pie off windowsill--comes to life and touches down in big city; photos (M)''A three-course meal for $10?'' a friend said when I told him about Amanda's early dinner menu. ''What do you get -- soup, rolls, and the check?'' Yes, an early bird special at elegant Amanda's, no joke. From 5 to 6 p.m., Mondays through Saturday...Gretchen Kurtz reviews early bird menu at Amanda's restaurant in Hoboken, NJ; logo (M)PAINTING outdoors, plein air painting, should be the most natural thing in the world. The painter's task, getting the view on canvas, seems obvious. But painting outdoors turns out to be something of a rite of passage. On a recent sunny, even hot,...Article describes recent project in which Southview Preparatory School art teacher Elizabeth Phelps taught group of students art of painting outdoors, at Wilkens Fruit and Fir Farm in Yorktown Heights, NY; photos (M)Mexican food has come to New York in fits and starts. It's only recently that small neighborhood restaurants, the kind that diners in Los Angeles take for granted, have gained a foothold in ethnic neighborhoods. The city is still waiting for place...William Grimes reviews Salon Mexico restaurant; photo (M)FOR some time now, Pale Male has been a subject best not mentioned in the company of pigeon-loving New Yorkers. But we can't keep avoiding him much longer.    Pale Male is more than ready for his close-up. This red-tailed hawk, who has built a hom...John Tierney comments on Pale Male, red-tailed hawk with nest on Fifth Avenue, near 74th Street, who is subject of new award-winning documentary narrated by Joanne Woodward; some people celebrate Pale Male, but pigeon-lovers are distressed because hawk preys on pigeons (M)It was early on Tuesday evening, and Aijaz Abdulaha had returned from a day in his fields in this valley surrounded by towering mountains when the shelling started.    The first shell, fired from Pakistani positions just over the nearby mountains,...Shells from Pakistani positions over mountain fall on Kashmiri border village of Uri, as threat of India-Pakistan war looms over valley; photo; map (M)Stretching 125 miles from southern Quebec to the tiny Vermont town of Benson's Landing, Lake Champlain is inland New England's answer to the Atlantic. Stay by it long enough, and your eye will expect tiers of mountains on the far side of large bod...What's Doing In column on upcoming events, sights, lodging and restaurants along Vermont side of Lake Champlain; maps; chart; photos (M)It takes some hubris to bring an American coffee shop to Vienna, the city of cafes, and then to ban smoking in it.    But no one has ever considered Starbucks humble. And the move, a keystone of Starbucks' rapid expansion in Europe, appears to hav...Starbucks has opened four successful coffeehouses in Vienna, despite dire predictions and ban on smoking; cafes cater mainly to Europeans, not Americans, in one of world's densest and most competitive coffee markets; Franz Holzschuh, who leads Starbucks joint venture in Austria, says reaction to nonsmoking policy, promoted as way to protect coffee aroma, has been positive; map; photos (M)"