b"HEY, kids, have you heard? It's new, from the makers of SimCity. It's the crazy business-simulation game that's got everybody talking: SimApple!     You play Steve Jobs, the driven perfectionist who runs the world's least conventional computer com...David Pogue State of the Art column on radical new design of Apple's i-Mac computer, composed of 6-inch-tall dome and thin flat-panel screen; photo; drawing (M)A pleasant surprise awaited Apple executives when they tallied feedback forms from customers of the popular, all-white iBook laptop. Apple said the most frequent response to ''What would you like to see changed?'' was ''Not a thing.''     The No. ...Apple offers new iBook laptop computer with larger screen; photo (S)First came iMovie, free Apple software that made video editing simple on Macintosh computers, and iDVD, which allowed Mac fans to burn those movies onto blank DVD's. Then came iTunes, a free Apple program for managing music collections and burning...Apple Computer offers software to download photos from digital camera into into Macintosh computer and organize them on screen; photo (S)Yes, I love it, it's just too wonderful; now let's get down to business. Apple's new iMac is indeed unique. It is the first desktop computer of the new millennium to trigger a gale-force hype storm.    The iMac has a flat-screen display joined by ...Op-Ed article by David Gelernter, professor of computer science, appraises Apple's new iMac; says it is unique, but it has shortcomings; says mouse pad should be built in, screen has glare, and its software is no different than operating system unveiled in 1984 Macintosh; says information world has changed radically, but desktop computers have been doing same thing for 18 years; says Steve Jobs is person wo could put things right, by building truly new machine; says iMac is not it; drawing (M)Microsoft suffered a setback in its recent campaign to resolve its legal problems yesterday, when a federal judge in Baltimore rejected a proposed settlement of more than 100 private class-action suits against the company.     Under the proposal, ...Judge J Frederick Motz rejects proposed settlement of more than 100 private class-action suits against Microsoft Corp, saying settlement plan appears to be insufficiently financed and could well have anticompetitive effect of unfairly increasing Microsoft's market position in schools, one of Apple Computer's remaining bastions of strength; under proposed settlement, Microsoft agreed to donate $500 million in cash, in addition to computers and software, to thousands of public schools in low-income neighborhoods (M)Apple Computer introduced an unorthodox version of its iMac personal computer today, seeking to refresh its once-popular three-year-old consumer model, which had begun to grow stale.    The new PC, which features a translucent swiveling flat-panel...THEY'VE been described as the best scrambled eggs in the world -- by The Times of London, no less -- but I make no such grandiose claim for the soft, luscious yellow clouds Bill Granger slides in front of you.    You may consider your own scramble...the egg makIT is not enough for women to succeed in business. They also must fail.    The fate of Carleton S. Fiorina, chief executive of Hewlett-Packard and the highest-ranked female chief executive in the Fortune 500, could be the test. She is waging a hig...Carleton S Fiorina, who has staked her future as Hewlett-Packard's chief executive on winning shareholder approval of merger with Compaq Computer, could provide test for women chief executives if she fails and is forced to leave, but is still viewed as chief executive material and can go on to top post at another company, just as a man would in her place; sheer scarcity of women as chief executives guarantees them enormous attention when they are hired and even more when they are fired; photos; graphs show that gains by women in such fields as medicine, law and higher education are not matched in business (L)Staples, Framingham, Mass., to MediaCom Worldwide, New York, part of the Grey Global Group, to handle its media planning and buying account, which had been at Pro Media, Natick, Mass. Spending was estimated at more than $50 million. Creative dutie...The rivalry between the PC and TV over which is destined to become the hearth of the home will take on new urgency on Monday when three prominent technology executives sketch out competing visions of their digital product lines.    Steve Perlman, ..."