b"Apple Computer Inc. said it had acquired Zayante, a closely held networking company, for an undisclosed price. Zayante, once called Firefly, was founded in 1996 by a group of former Apple employees who, while at Apple, had invented an unusually fa...Apple Computer Inc has acquired Zayante, networking company, for undisclosed price (S)A tiny U.S.B. device from D-Link and a free software download from Apple now allow owners of newer Macintosh computers to use Bluetooth, the short-distance wireless system. They may, however, have trouble finding something to do with the technolog...USB device from D-Link and free software from Apple allow owners of newer Macintosh computers to use Bluetooth, short-distance wireless system; Apple will support only limited number of tasks for Bluetooth; photo (M)TOOLING his black BMW south along Interstate 5, Philippe Charat banters with his passengers and chats on his cellphone in English, Spanish and French. No matter what the language, the subject remains the same: fish.    We're headed from San Diego ...Philippe Charat runs unusual aquaculture business--underwater feed lot for Pacific bluefin tuna, at Ensenada, booming city of 400,000 in Baja California; this is fish prized above all others by connoisseurs of sushi and sashimi; Charat's boats cruise coast, netting fish, tons at a time, and then slowly transport tuna to Puerto Escondido Bay, where they are raised to become prize speciments; photos (L)Washington is the seat of the government and symbol of the nation. Yet it was laid out by a Frenchman, with broad boulevards like those that Baron Haussmann gave Paris, and its buildings echo ancient Rome and Athens. It looks like, and thinks like...Travel article on highlights of Washington, DC; photo (M)IF you have been buying CD's regularly for the last 10 or 15 years, then you probably have what is politely termed an organizational problem. Any attempts at alphabetical arrangement are foiled when you bring home another couple of discs, and besi...New developments in portable music recordings discussed; capacity has expanded so entire music library can be portable; article includes review of 'jukeboxes' that hold 20 gigabytes, or roughly 4,000 songs, running about 300 hours; photo (M)Q. I do all of the regular maintenance suggested, like defragging and disk cleanup, to keep my Windows system tuned up, but I find it still gets slower over time. Why is this?    A. Regular maintenance can help keep a computer working quickly for ...The Times today introduces expanded weekly coverage of business travel, its rewards and its frustrations. The pages make their debut with ''On the Ground,'' by R. W. Apple Jr., who unpacks and unwinds in Washington.  PAGES C8-10  Andersen Chose Indictment Over an Admission of Guilt  Justice Department officials were willing to consider deferring the prosecution of Arthur Andersen, letting it avoid indictment, if the firm publicly acknowledged that it had illegally destroye...Eliot Feld's brief but wonderful new ballet, ''Lincoln Portrait,'' has all the right theatrical ingredients. They include music by Aaron Copland, the actor Sam Waterston as a narrator quoting from Lincoln's writings, and a dramatic blend of dancer...Anna Kisselgoff reviews new dance by Eliot Feld performed by Ballet Tech; photo (M)The program was sunny: big, generous pieces on one hand, largely ornamental pieces on the other, but generally sharing a positive spirit that's a nice note for a debut recital. And Thomas Carroll, a cellist presented by Young Concert Artists at th...Anne Midgette reviews debut recital by cellist Thomas Carroll (M)"