b"In London, a small group of chapels, banquet halls and other dazzling rooms embody a nation's architecture and history.Friday night's English-language world premiere of ''Cowboy Bebop: The Movie'' at the Virgin Megastore in Times Square had all the trappings of a big-time red-carpet event, including appearances by the film's director, screaming autograph seekers a...Several thousand anime fans attend Big Apple Anime Fest 2002, three-day animated film festival coinciding with Anime Expo New York; photos (S)Shoppers will have new stores to choose from at at The Westchester in White Plains. Anthropologie opened in late May on Level 3. The store carries an eclectic selection of women's apparel, along with housewares and furniture reproduced from design...Anthropologie opens outlet at The Westchester shopping center in White Plains, NY; Apple Computer and other stores are scheduled to open (S)To the Editor:    Re ''IMac Envy: 2 PC's Try Going Flat'' (State of the Art, Aug. 29): The masses do in fact appreciate a ''one-piece, self-contained, flat-paneled computer.''     Long before the new iMacs appeared, many people had discovered that...Jack Sanders letter on August 29 article on new iMac one-piece, flat-panel computer praises laptops To the Editor:    ''Tuneup Lets the Mac Go Full Throttle'' (State of the Art, Aug. 22) argues that the Mac OS X 10.2 runs faster than its predecessor.   Ben Myers letter on August 22 article on new Mac OS X 10.2 notes that, by contrast, new Microsoft Windows versions run more slowly than previous onesLawson Kimball Allen, a daughter of Lawson Prince Allen and A. Clinton Allen of Needham, Mass., was married yesterday to Lars Lawrence Albright, the son of Lee Lawrence Albright and Dr. Nile L. Albright of Brookline, Mass. The Rev. Diana W. Philli...Summer camp is over and grandparents have reluctantly returned borrowed children, so all members of the family are back under the same roof. School is starting, which means a treat or two is in order. Here are some new items to keep children fed, ...Mad Meals of Mount Kisco New York introduces applesauce in squeezable pouches, perfect for adding to lunchbox; photo (S)Tony Shafrazi  119 Wooster Street, SoHo  Through Sept. 21      Happening on a photograph by David LaChapelle in a slick magazine, you might stop and enjoy a little frisson of prurience and amusement. In glaring, saturated hues, his dreamily lurid ...Ken Johnson reviews exhibition of photographs by David LaChapelle at Tony Shafrazi Gallery (S)Tori Gilbert's search for a parking space is more quixotic than most.     For four years, Ms. Gilbert and her colleagues at East River CREW -- Community Recreation and Education on the Water -- have been hunting for a plot of land on the Upper Eas...East River CREW (Community Recreation and Education on the Water), nonprofit group whose mission is to celebrate East River, lacks funds and is having trouble finding spot to park its 25-foot rowboat along river; photo (M)ARTHUR LEVITT may never eat lunch on Wall Street again. Or on Capitol Hill, either. But Mr. Levitt, the former chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, should be able to enjoy at least a cup of coffee on any Main Street in America if en...Diana B Henriques reviews new book by Arthur Levitt, Take on The Street: What Wall Street and Corporate America Don't Want You to Know. What You Can Do to Fight Back; photos (M)"