b"For the machines behind the music, the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences is to award technical Grammys tonight to Robert Moog, who developed a groundbreaking synthesizer, and to Apple Computer Inc., the first time a computer company ...National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences is to present technical Grammys to Robert Moog, who developed Moog synthesizer, and Apple Computer Inc, for computers and software that aid in composing, editing and mixing music (M)STEVE RUSSELL sat in a darkened movie theater recently watching the army of credits roll by after a computer-animated Hollywood blockbuster.    There was a time, he recalls thinking, when a cutting-edge computer-generated fantasy could be conceive...Article traces genesis of video games back to Spacewar, created at Massachusetts Institute of Technology by six programmers: Dan Edwards, Martin Graetz, Alan Kotok, Steve Russell, Peter Samson and Wayne Wiitanen; game was early inspiration for innovators who founded Apple and other computer companies; brief profiles; drawings illustrate game; photos (L)The recording industry has begun selling music CD's designed to make it impossible for people to copy music to their computers, trade songs over the Internet or transfer them to portable MP3 players.    Until now, most of the protected discs have ...Recording industry has begun selling music compact discs designed to make it impossible for people to copy music to their computers, trade songs over Internet or transfer them to portable MP3 players; most of protected discs have been distributed in Europe, with little publicity; strategy has already provoked reaction there; there are also objections from American music lovers who fear that they will be unable to use increasingly popular portable MP3 devices or burn their own CD's to copy music that they have legally purchased; practice is also drawing ire of several consumer electronics manufacturers, including Sony Electronics, which says it cannot guarantee audio quality of these CD's on its players, and Apple Computer and Sonicblue, whose sales of popular portable music players might suffer if copy-protected CD's became norm; record companies are defending practice and planning to put more protected CD's into American market; Macrovision, company that is supplying industry with new technology, says several CD's bearing its copy-protection system have been released by major labels in US and are being sold in record stores across country; photo (M)Mink isn't good enough for some people. They have to have ermine. For such types, BMW's are too common. They crave Lamborghinis. It's not about beauty or excellence, it's about rarity.    And so it was with the high-rolling sextet of investment ba...Article on $63,000 that six investment bankers spent for wine and food at London restaurant Petrus last July that led to five bankers being fired (M)WHEN film cameras ruled the earth, it wasn't hard to devise a crisp, efficient system for organizing photos. Most people adopted variations on the Oscar Madison technique: 1. Stuff prints into shoe box. 2. Stuff shoe box into closet.    That syste...Software for managing and editing digital photographs proliferates; chart details features; user can manipulate photos with relative ease, transmitting them or using them on Web sites; drawings; photos (M)Smiles, and Secret Service      There were four guys in BETSY GOTBAUM'S apartment during a reception for the newly formed New York City Women's Elected Officials Caucus the other night. The guy standing by the door, IAN MACDONALD, works for Ms. Go...Boldface Names column; Betsy Gotbaum hosts meeting of newly formed New York City Women's Elected Officials Caucus; guests include Sen Hillary Clinton; Kyra Sedgwick and Kevin Bacon go bowling at Chelsea Piers; photo; Kathy Hilton, who lives in Waldorf Towers, treks to QVC studio in Philadelphia to sell assorted merchandise on television; Bruce Springsteen and wife attend auction at which his 1952 Telecaster guitar is sold for $13,000 to benefit Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center; Lisa Loeb plans concert tour that will including baking apple pie on stage and handing out slices to audience (S)I went to bed thinking of Dover sole and woke up pondering beets. This is normal, trust me. But lately it's reached a feverish pitch. I have wanted to cook like never before.     My desire to cook has always depended on my mood. When I am depresse...Amanda Hesser article on her renewed urge to make dinner parties since her boyfriend proposed marriage; recipes; drawing; photo (M)NO. 9 is almost the bistro I want around the corner from my house. It's small but not too small. There are heaping bowls of beautiful fruits and vegetables on ledges and counters. The windows are big. There's a splash of exuberant Mediterranean bl...Karla Cook reviews No 9 restaurant in Lambertville, NJ; photo (M)FOR a while, it looked as if Bangla was on its way to becoming this city's official second language.    Few of Hudson's 8,000 residents realized it at the time. All the attention went to the antique stores popping up along Warren Street, to the cu...Our Towns column on Bangladeshis who came to Hudson, New York, to work in Emsig Manufacturing Corp and put down roots in old river town; families are looking for other means of support so they can remain now that button factory has closed down because of competition from Chinese imports (M)THE ESSENCE  The wired generation has transformed ''dear, dirty Dublin'' into Europe's party city -- no surprise, since half the population is under 30. But the charm that has long endeared Ireland to visitors remains. Here are some of the best ad...Catharine Reynolds offers Insider's Address Book, listing special places in Dublin; photos (special section, The Sophisticated Traveler) (part 2 of 2-part section) (M)"