b"Fighting off a deepening technology recession, Apple Computer reported essentially flat revenue today for its fourth quarter of 2002. But a one-time write-down of investments resulted in a net loss for the quarter.    Apple said it expected only a...Apple Computer reports essentially flat revenue for its fourth quarter of 2002; reports net loss of $45 million but earnings were $7 million, excluding nonrecurring charges; net earnings were $65 million for year on revenues of $5.74 billion; co-founder-chief executive Steven P Jobs comments (M)R.W. Apple Jr. describes the delights of five of Sweden's top restaurants.R.W. Apple Jr. describes the delights of Sweden's favorite fish, the herring.IN one corner of Stockholm's dill-perfumed Ostermalm market, which was built in 1888, Dieter Berner presides over a mini-mesa of shaved ice. Every day, for the delectation of his discriminating customers, he arranges on it a magnificent piscatoria...First of three articles by R W Apple Jr on food of Scandinavia reports on his discovery of new flavors of Sweden; notes world-calssAT this point in the information age, it has become clear that the high-tech industry operates according to certain unwritten laws. For example, there is Sony's Law: Smaller always costs more. There is Symantec's Law: Good tech support is hard to ...David Pogue column assessing Palm's new Zire, stripped-down and simplified palmtop organizer priced at only $99; drawing; photo (M)When some laptop computer users are working from their home base, they slip their machines into to a docking station that links to a desktop monitor, full-size keyboard and mouse. The Oyster from Tcom International is a less of a docking station t...Tcom International introduces ergonomic docking station for laptop computer that allows user to elevate screen for comfortable desktop viewing; photo (S) To the Editor:    Re ''Endless Frustration but Little Evidence in Search for Sniper'' (front page, Oct. 14):  Keith Kraska letter replies to Oct 8 letter stating that wars create rather than solve problemsJANICE JOSIAH-BUONINCONTRI'S smile momentarily banished the rain that plagued last weekend's 41st annual Fall Harvest Festival at Mill Neck Manor School for the Deaf.    Ms. Josiah-Buonincontri, a 1977 alumna now living in Babylon, has been a volu...Scene described as Mill Neck Manor School for the Deaf holds its 41st annual Fall Harvest Festival fund-raiser; photo (M)HealthSouth Suspends Plan To Spin Off Surgical Unit  HealthSouth, the nation's biggest chain of rehabilitation hospitals and clinics, said it was suspending its plan to spin off the surgical centers that are its most lucrative business.    Richard...DOES anyone really eat French food anymore?     You may think I'm joking. I'm not. Even in France, they seem to be losing their appetite for the stuff. During my last visit to Paris, every soi-disant hip bistro was churning out carpaccio and fettu...Nigella Lawson comment on French food finds that while France is undergoing culinary crisis, real French food is everything home cooking should be; recipes for apple tart and coq au vin; photos (M)"