b"Apple Computer plans to begin a nationwide print and television advertising campaign on Monday focusing on people who have switched to Apple's Macintosh from computers that use Microsoft's Windows operating system.    The series features individua...Apple Computer plans nationwide advertising drive focusing on people who have switched to its Macintosh from computers that use Microsoft's Windows operating system; chief executive Steven P Jobs says people in ads were selected from over 10,000 unsolicited e-mail testimonials (M)APPLE PIE 4TH OF JULY   By Janet S. Wong.   Illustrated by Margaret Chodos-Irvine.   Unpaged. San Diego:   Harcourt. $16.   (Ages 3 to 7)     THE PRESIDENT AND   MOM'S APPLE PIE   Written and illustrated by Michael Garland.   Unpaged. New York:   ...Rebecca Boggs Roberts reviews following books: Apple Pie 4th of July by Janet S Wong; The President and Mom's Apple Pie by Michael Garland; and We the Kids: The Preamble to the Constitution of the United States, illustrated by David Catrow; drawing (M)Anyone looking for the next big thing in Silicon Valley should stop here at Layne Holt's garage.    Mr. Holt and his business partner, John Furrier, both software engineers, have started a company with a shoestring budget and an ambitious target: ...Layne Holt and John Furrier and their Etherlinx are using wireless data standard known as WiFi or 802.11b to build system to offer broadband Internet access cheaply; system can transmit Internet data up to 20 miles at high speeds, enough to blanket entire urban regions and make cable or DSL connections obsolete; system uses inexpensive repeater antenna attached to outside of customer's home; could undermine cellular phone companies by offering much cheaper method for mobile Internet access; photo (M)Four cameras home in on Christopher Kimball, the editor and publisher of Cook's Illustrated magazine and the host of ''America's Test Kitchen,'' a cooking show on public television. Bridget Lancaster, his co-host, has taken a bite of the cherry co...Article on Christopher Kimball's Boston Common Press, which publishes Cook's Illustrated magazine, cookbooks and Web site and produces television show; its revenue, approximately $20 million last year, comes mostly from consumers; company takes no advertising; photos (M)INTERNATIONAL   A3-13    Rumsfeld Headed to India Aiming to Ease War Fears  Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld is on a visit to India intended to put to rest fears of war between India and Pakistan. India, for decades a champion of nonalignment,...FIVE years ago, Jeri Camputaro would never have spent three hours in 40-degree weather just to speak up for rodeos. But now she feels she has to.     Ms. Camputaro, a co-owner of the Double R World Championship Rodeo in Catskill, sat last month wi...Jeri Camputaro, co-owner of Double R World Championship Rodeo in Catskill and Sheila Lehrke, animal issues coordinator for International Professional Rodeo Assn, offer reasons why rodeos are not cruel to animals; veterinarian Peggy Larson and Kiley Blackman, member of group Showing Animals Respect and Kindness, describe why they are (M)It is the most romantic story in American cryptology. To keep the Japanese from getting American secrets in World War II, Navajos -- among the original Americans -- spoke over the radio in their native tongue.    The new film ''Windtalkers,'' whic...Windtalkers, new film celebrating Navajos who were recruited into Marine Corps during World War II to communicate by radio in their native language in order to frustrate Japanese codebreakers, has some typical Hollywood overstatement, but history of real code talkers is no less remarkable; chief advantage of code talker system was speed; photos (M)INDEPENDENCE is a way of life in Thompson, a town of 9,000 in northeastern Connecticut. By now this should be obvious to officials at the State Department of Environmental Protection.     In 1993 the D.E.P. ordered the town to install a gravity-fe...Article on ongoing battle between residents of Thompson and state of Connecticut, which continues to insist that town build gravity-fed sewer line, at cost of about $5 million, through middle of town's historic district; photos (M)You want shopping? This town's got it, from Coach and Scoop and Entre Nous to Obligato and Cole Haan. But if it's 7:12 a.m. and you're in a ragtop Jeep with a rusted-out undercarriage, towing a 16-foot white boat with a poling platform, and elderl...Pete Bodo Outdoors column discusses bass fishing in East Hampton (NY), experience that is removed from trendy scene of chic shops and moneyed summer vacationers (M)''WOULD you like to try some doughnuts?''    Irwin S. Kruger could not have looked prouder. He was sitting at a small square table at one of his Manhattan restaurants, a cup of coffee in his hand, uniformed staff members and customers swirling aro...McDonald's in Midtown Manhattan has added doughnuts to menu and is making them in window, attracting lots of attention from passers-by; franchise owner Irwin Kruger saw sharp and sudden drop in business after Sept 11 and doughnut machine was experiment that has caught attention of McDonald's executives as well as fancy of New Yorkers; photos (M)"