b"Worrying about hackers and viruses is becoming a way of life for Windows users, but Macintosh owners should not assume they are immune to Internet ills. For them, Symantec has announced Version 2 of its Norton Personal Firewall for Macintosh ($69....Symantec announces Version 2 of its Norton Personal Firewall for Macintosh users; program is also available in larger Norton Internet Security suite, which includes Norton Anti-Virus and Aladdin's iClean clutter-reducing software; photo (S)FRANK STITT III did not set out to be a chef. A surgeon's son from Cullman, a small town in northern Alabama, he headed for Berkeley in the turbulent 1970's to study philosophy. There he discovered Alice Waters's revolutionary restaurant, Chez Pan...R W Apple Jr comments on enticing, Southern-accented cooking to be had at Highlands Bar and Grill in Birmingham, Alabama; notes that at Highlands, regional ingredients are cooked with traditional French techniques; profile of and interview with Frank Stitt, owner-chef; photos; recipe (L)When David Sarno moved to a new apartment on the Upper West Side of Manhattan recently, he learned he would have to wait several weeks for the phone company to install a fast Internet connection. But after opening his laptop, he discovered with a ...Short-range, inexpensive and often unsecured wireless networks based on Wi-Fi technology are rapidly sprinkling nation with sweet spots of airborne high-speed Internet access; are allowing growing numbers of people with properly equipped laptops to tie into Internet on run, courtesy of others; any computer with receiver in radius of about 300 feet can potentially pick up signal; diagram; photo (M)HARRY CONNICK JR. is a versatile guy: crooner, composer, big-band leader, piano player, actor, comedian. And an inventor, as well.    Mr. Connick, who has been described by one critic as a new and improved version of Sinatra, recently received Uni...Harry Connick Jr patents system and method to coordinate music display among orchestra players; says system is designed to replace sheet music with computer displays, phone interview; photo (M)FAGIN-Leah. Young Israel of Harrison mourns the passing of Leah Fagin, beloved sister of its devoted member, David Albilia, and extends heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family. Yaakov Bienenfeld, Rabbi Stephen. J. Apple, PresidentThe warmest winter on record in the Northeast has fooled plants and flowers into early budding, though many may be damaged or killed because of a destructive little cold snap like yesterday's.    For flowering trees and shrubs, a day or two of fre...Warmest winter on record in Northeast is interrupted by sudden snap of freezing temperatures that may damage or kill many of flowers and plants that have been fooled into early budding, especially since they have been suffering through months of drought; photo of daffodils blooming in Central Park (M)  THE BOYS TEAM   Written and illustrated   by Amy Schwartz.   Atheneum, $16.95.   (Ages 3 to 6)  Adam Liptak reviews book The Boys Team by Amy Schwartz (S)TED MILAN is not the classic steakhouse Long Beach residents have known for the last two years. Scott Tolchin, the new owner, has turned the popular spot into a contemporary American grill complete with tapas nights (Tuesday and Wednesday) and ear...Joanne Starkey reviews Ted Milan restaurant in Long Beach, Long Island; photo (M)FROM the soft leather banquette, the thick linens, the flattering lighting and the vaultlike designer bathrooms, it is clear that Craftbar, the new, casual adjunct to Craft, is something more than a knockoff of the humble Italian wine-and-sandwich...Eric Asimov reviews Craftbar, new, casual adjunct to Craft, East 19th Street ($25 and Under column) (M)Meet, one of the last restaurants to open in the meatpacking district, might be the first to get it right since Florent opened its doors back in the Pleistocene Epoch. It has style, but not too much. It's dim and moody without being sullen. The br...William Grimes reviews Meet restaurant in Manhattan; photo (M)"