b"Gloria Park did not see her father  dressed in a yellow shirt and a white fishing hat and charting her every swing with a large pair of binoculars -- trailing her today over the humps of Wykagyl Country Club. On Saturday night they had argued over...Gloria Park wins Big Apple Classic; photo (M)The winey tartness of rhubarb adds a nice touch to the apple juice just introduced by Red Jacket Orchards of Geneva, N.Y. The freshly pressed, pasteurized juice has a hint of pink and is excellent over ice or cut with iced tea or lemonade. At cock...Red Jacket Orchards introduces freshly pressed apple juice with hint of rhubarb to give it subtle winey flavor; juice is available until middle of August; photo (M)Pressplay, the online music service owned by Universal Music Group and Sony Music Entertainment, plans to introduce a new version of the service today that provides consumers more flexibility at lower prices than any of the fee-based services have...Pressplay, online music service owned by Universal Music Group and Sony Music Entertainment, plans to introduce new version of service that provides consumers more flexibility at lower prices than any of fee-based services have offered so far (S)Say goodbye to the stern and remote George Washington, the boring one who wore a powdered wig, had wooden teeth and always told the truth. Embrace instead the action hero of the 18th century, a swashbuckling warrior who survived wild adventures, l...Directors of George Washington's Mount Vernon estate plan three new buildings as well as holograms, computer imagery, and live-action film to update exhibition; radical changes are motivated by great decline in visitors' knowledge of first president; photos (M)BUSY watching stock market bulls morph into bears, I almost overlooked the arrival of Cos Cob Grill in Cos Cob, which had done a morphing job of its own in emerging out of the short-lived Sevilla restaurant.    The Cos Cob Grill mimics its predece...Patricia Brooks reviews Cos Cob Grill in Cos Cob, Conn (M)TOM SCHAUDEL is a culinary swashbuckler, a restless, compulsive perfectionist who's passionate about food, wine and life. Never happy unless he's opening a new restaurant or tinkering with an old one, he once told me, ''Anybody who owns a small bo...Richard Jay Scholem reviews E V O restaurant in Syosset, NY (A La Carte column) (M) Losing a Crown, Gaining Antlers      Prospect Park has always had interesting wildlife, but this summer the species there include two particularly unusual additions: a deer that's a member of royalty and a parrot that's a disguised magician.  Laurel Graeber Family Fare column on LITE Company production of The King Stag in Prospect Park, opera Carmen in the City at Lincoln Center and It's News to Me! exhibition at Queens Borough Public Library; photo (M)'Shorelines'  Omni Gallery, 333 Earle Ovington Boulevard, Uniondale, (516) 396-0031. Through Aug. 23.       Surprisingly, only George Schulman, one of the eight artists in this group show, treats the theme in conventional landscape-painting terms....Helen Harrison reviews group landscape show at Omni Gallery in Uniondale, NY, Juried Show 2002 at Alpan Gallery in Huntington and Photography 2002 show at B J Spoke Gallery in Huntington; photos (M)WHO -- J. Edson Way, a cultural affairs officer for New Mexico.  WHAT -- A two-bedroom Victorian adobe house.  WHERE -- Lamy, about 12 miles south of Santa Fe, N.M.      My wife, Jenny, and I bought the house four years ago. When we did the title ...Havens column interview with J Edson Way on living in Victorian adobe house in Santa Fe, NM; photos and brief descriptons of other adobe houses for sale around country (M)A FEMALE business traveler reports on a two-night trip she made recently to the Phoenix area:    ''I stayed at two hotels, both Hilton properties, that could not have been more different in their accommodation of women,'' she wrote in an e-mail me...Joe Sharkey column cites contrasting experiences of female business traveler at two different Phoenix-area hotels; holds her impressions show challenges hotels face in marketing to rapidly growing ranks of women business travelers; drawing (M)"