b"Long after technical-support agents for Handspring have gone home for the night, customers can get help fixing their hand-held computers from an unlikely voice on the other end of the phone line: that of another computer.    Handspring, the No. 2 ...Handspring utilizes unusual software program from TuVox to address customer service needs; program uses artificial intelligence and speech recognition to talk Handspring's callers through repairing errors, crashes and other troubles that afflict hand-held personal digital assistants; photo (M)IN the cafeteria, there are sticky rice and hush puppies, soy sauce and ketchup, chopsticks and forks.     This is Toyota, bluegrass style.   Toyota Motor Corp is becoming more American by the day, even selling more automobiles in US in 2001 than it did in Japan; now has 13 plants and operations in eight states and 29,000 local workers; 63 percent of Toyotas sold in North America are now built in North America, and almost three-quarters of parts used in Toyotas assembled in North America are domestically made; Toyota is adding more pickups and SUV's, further threatening US Big Three; Toyota's growing American presence is huge blow to United Automobile Workers because union has never succeeded in organizing plant owned solely by foreign manufacturer; photos; graphs (M)Matthew Scully's Market 17, 22 East 17th Street, is the latest addition to a block of takeout spots. Wood-oven pizzas, pressed sandwiches and hot and cold wraps ($4.95 to $6.95) are specialties. Pastries are turned out by Baba Gueye, above right w...Matthew Scully opens Market 17 on East 17th Street, serving wood-oven pizzas, pressed sandwiches and hot and cold wraps; photo (S)L'Actuel, the Midtown brasserie, has traded in its name, and its identity, for an even more mysterious name, and a warmer, slightly more formal persona. The tables have white tablecloths now. The shiny surfaces have been muted with thick curtains,...William Grimes briefly reviews Olica restaurant in Midtown Manhattan; photo (M)THE r\xc3\xa9sum\xc3\xa9s of wunderkind chefs reveal that they get around more than international tour guides. What happens to the restaurants they leave behind is often a sad story. Not so at Elmers.    The one-and-a-half-year-old Glen Head spot had three chef...Joanne Starkey reviews Elmers Restaurant in Glen Head, Long Island; photo (M)CORPORATE annual meetings used to be sedate affairs, smoothly choreographed by management, some lasting a mere 15 minutes. Sometimes, a handful of institutional investors or a few curmudgeonly shareholder gadflies forced the board to focus on corp...Enron's collapse is expected to raise the heat at corporate annual meetings this year, with anxious shareholders probing details of balance sheets and putting hard questions to executives and directors; chief executives can also expect to be asked about their compensation systems, which some investors believe have been distorted from their original purpose; drawing (M)THERE'LL be stars in your eyes at Veritage. Bold New Age ones are painted on the walls and clusters of shimmering, five-pointed paper lanterns hang from the high ceiling. Candied star fruit, star anise ice cream and free star-shaped cookies adorn ...Richard Jay Scholem reviews Veritage restaurant in Rockville Centre, Long Island (A La Carte column) (M)President Bush has been traveling a lot lately, as White House press corps members who have 6:30 a.m. check-in times at Andrews Air Force Base are painfully aware. The day sometimes ends in the small hours as well, like 2 a.m., the hour on Saturda...Article on recent Presidential trips and intense coverage of them by local newscasts (M)COMFORT food has eclipsed its chichi cousins to fill our plates, one food touching another and gravy over most of it. But comfort food is not just meatloaf and mashed potatoes. It is almost anything warm and filling, at its best a link between gen...Karla Cook reviews Blue Danube Restaurant in Trenton, NJ; photo (M)When word went around that there were temporary jobs available for the Olympics, rootless people drifted into Utah from all over the West. Some found work cleaning toilets; others found work selling their plasma for $20.    Broke, they have made t...Many homeless people who came to Salt Lake City, enticed by promise of temporary work related to Olympics, are stranded; extra tight security makes it nearly impossible to jump trains to get out, and panhandling is illegal; city has opened emergency shelter that will close when Games are over; photo (M)"