b"YOU can have your Springsteen concert, your big Vegas magic show, your East River fireworks. For the true-blue Macintosh fan, they pale next to the greatest show on earth: the keynote speech at the annual Macworld Expo in New York.    Yesterday Ap...David Pogue State of the Art column discusses highlights of Macworld Expo in New York, where Apple shows off new products; while there is no completely new machine to unveil, Apple president Steven Jobs introduces new version of flat-screen iMac; other new products and prices discussed; drawing (M)Reflecting doldrums throughout the computer industry, Apple Computer said today that its fiscal third-quarter earnings and revenues slid. Like other personal computer companies and chip makers, the company said it saw no early turnaround in its fo...Apple Computer says fiscal third quarter earnings and revenues dropped; chief financial officer Fred Anderson offers litany of gloomy forecasts showing that personal computer market is contracting sharply; company says profit was $32 million in quarter ended June 29 compared with $61 million year earlier; revenue was $1.43 billion, down 3 percent from year ago (M)For Apple Computer, a product innovator with an anemic market share, a prosperous future depends on persuading some of the legions of people who use personal computers running the Microsoft Windows operating system to switch to Apple's Macintosh t...Apple Computer chief executive Steven P Jobs discusses company's plans for growth at Macworld trade show in New York amidst slump in personal computer industry; announces new iMac desktop computer with 17-inch flat-panel screen for $1,999; introduces new features of upgraded version of Macintosh operating system, 10.2, called Jaguar, which will be shipped in late August, and many new software offerings; advertising campaigns for new products discussed; photo (M)CONSUMER products are the stars of the new Apple retail store in SoHo. The store's design is fairly bland compared with the suave styling that has won Apple's products legions of loyal fans over the years. But the shop's minimalist forms and neutr...Herbert Muschamp reviews design of Apple Computer's new store in SoHo section of Manhattan; photos (M)To the Editor: Regarding ''Wisconsin's Beguiling Back Roads,'' by R. W. Apple Jr. (June 9): Mr. Apple was able to unearth more of the well-kept secrets of ''God's Country'' in a few days than we, as residents, have in 25 years.    He reveals the h...Derrick and Janet Gee letter on R W Apple's June 9 travel article describes Hilton Madison Monona Terrace as faux neo-ClassicalIntel, the world's largest microchip manufacturer, said yesterday that it had encountered few signs of economic recovery in the second quarter and that it expected weaker than normal seasonal improvement in demand the rest of the year.    As a res...Intel says it has encountered few signs of economic recovery in second quarter and it expects weaker than normal seasonal improvement in demand rest of year; plans cost-cutting measures, including cut in capital spending and elimination of about 4,000 jobs, almost 5 percent of work force; says it earned $446 million in quarter, up 133 percent from year-earlier quarter; revenue was $6.32 billion, slightly less than $6.33 billion reported year ago, as well as 7 percent lower than first quarter; Apple Computer says its sales and revenues slumped in recent quarter and that earnings could be well below Wall Street's expectations; Motorola Inc says its net loss jumped to $2.32 billion from $759 milion year ago; revenue declined 10 percent from year earlier, to $6.74 billion (M)MOST of my favorite restaurants, and most great ones everywhere, are run by chefs. Taillevent, the understated Michelin three-star in Paris's glossy Eighth Arrondissement, is different. Its owner, Jean-Claude Vrinat, works the front of the house, ...R W Apple Jr appreciation of Taillevent, understated Michelin three-star restaurant in Paris where owner, Jean-Claude Vrinat, welcomes guests with meticulous attention to detail (special section, Favorites) (S) To the Editor: As a New York native and a 20-year resident of Racine, I agree with much of Mr. Apple's highlights of visiting Wisconsin. New York City, however, is still first in the ''Danish'' and baked goods department.  Jan Owens letter on R W Apple's June 9 travel article on Wisconsin holds New York City remains tops for 'Danish' and baked goodsAT Nahm, you are surrounded by blond wood, gold leaf and slightly too many slightly too skinny women. You eat authentic Thai dishes with names like miang som oo and hoi shenn pat khaa orn, some of them stunningly spicy, most of them challenging to...R W Apple Jr surveys London restauranSome notable names -- Jon Krakauer, R. W. Apple Jr., Paul Theroux, Jan Morris and Margo Jefferson among them -- share their best-loved things, from a three-star Paris restaurant to a climb in Colorado, along with favorite songs, shows, train rides..."