b"Annika Sorenstam can only imagine what it would be like to stand on the first tee and have to play a round of golf against herself. She would be visor to visor against a player with the same wiring, one whose ball always seems to find the green, o...Gloria Park shares third-round lead with Annika Sorenstam at Big Apple Classic; photo (M)On a day when some players complained about the bumpiness of the greens at Wykagyl Country Club, nothing seemed to bother Kelli Kuehne.    She birdied the first three holes today and then made three more birdies in a bogey-free round of six-under-...Kelli Kuehne takes second-round lead at Big Apple Classic; photo (M)It seemed as if it was only a matter of time before Laura Diaz broke into the limelight on the L.P.G.A. Tour. Diaz has two victories this season after four second-place finishes last year.    A 27-year-old native of Scotia, N.Y., Diaz is viewed by...Laura Diaz prepares for Big Apple Classic, hoping to lead women's golf tour in earnings; competition from foreign players noted (M)Minny Yeo of South Korea is an alternate on the L.P.G.A. Tour, which means that she can play when someone withdraws. When Se Ri Pak withdrew from this week's Sybase Big Apple Classic, Yeo took her place. Yeo made the most of the opportunity today,...Minny Yeo shares opening-round lead with Kathryn Marshall at Sybase Big Apple Classic; photo (M)The State of the Art column in Circuits on Thursday, about developments at the Macworld trade show, misstated the availability of Version 3 of iTunes, Apple's music library software. It was released last week, not scheduled for release in two week...Correction of article in July 18 Circuits section about developments at Macworld trade showWith its hard drive for storing music, the Sony MEX-HD1 is a bit like a built-in Apple iPod for the car. But unlike an iPod or other similar portable music players, the MEX-HD1 can download music from CD's without a computer.    Songs can be downl...Sony introduces hard drive for car that can download music from CD's without computer; photo (M)In a significant challenge to Microsoft, RealNetworks plans to announce a new version of its software on Monday that can distribute audio and video in a range of formats, including Microsoft's own proprietary Windows Media.    The new software is ...RealNetworks, in major challenge to Microsoft, plans new version of its software that can distribute audio and video in range of formats, including Microsoft's own proprietary Windows Media; software is intended for large media companies and other corporations that need to send audio and video data to customers and employees in variety of different formats; company admits Microsoft might raise legal objections, but holds strategy is good for both Microsoft and consumers; photo (M)IF you live in an apartment, you must occasionally get the urge to knock down a wall, boot your neighbor and double the size of your place. Maybe it is human nature or Manifest Destiny, or that you simply have too much stuff. There is no painless ...Wilson Rothman Basics column reviews new generation of external hard drives, sleek and space-saving devices that can store more than 40 gigabytes of information; they can be used for extra storage or backing up entire system; drives are simple to use, require no elaborate connections and are portable; photos (M)''THE sun is setting,'' the announcer said, ''but we're just getting started.'' It's time for N.F.L. football at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Fla., and the bleachers are throbbing with fans. As the palm trees sway in the breeze, players for the...Sports video games represent 22 percent of game sales in $10.8 billion interactive entertainment business; sports gaming will get even bigger as major producers Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo prepare to offer online versions of their games, which will allow players to compete with others via Internet; it is most important technological leap in quest for authenticity and realism, and requires complex combination of real-life athletes and skilled computer programmers; process of creating electronic versions of athletes and simulating them in action described; photos (L)Phoenix is the leading contender to become the home of the International Genomics Center, a collaborative effort by industry and universities to use the human genome to find cures for specific cancers. City leaders say that winning the nationwide ...Travel article on Phoenix, Ariz; city's highlights noted; phhoto (M)"