b"MANY days of the year, thanks to an often sullen climate, London is best savored indoors. Fortunately, it is blessed with beautiful rooms and other magnificent interior spaces that lift the spirit and make it easy to forget the damp and darkness o...R W Apple travel article on small group of historically significantly but often overlooked chapels, banquet halls and other rooms in London, Eng; describes Tower of London's Chapel of St John, Palm Room at Spencer House, Henry VII's chapel in Westminster Abbey, Banqueting Hall in Whitehall, Christopher Wren's Painted Hall at Royal Naval Hospital in Greenwich, rooms at Syon House designed by Robert Adams, trading floor at Lloyd's, House of Lords chamber designed by A W N Pugin and turbine room at abandoned Bankside Power Station; photos (L)Q. I have been a PC user since 1984. Until recently it has been my understanding that Mac files and Windows files are incompatible. Is that still true? If I should buy an iMac, could I still exchange files with people who use Windows 98 or XP?    ...Royal Philips Electronics, Europe's biggest consumer electronics company, lowered its forecast for chip sales in the third quarter today, sending its share price into a nose dive.    Jeremy Cohen, a Philips spokesman, said sales in the quarter wou...Royal Philips Electronics says chip sales in third quarter will fall 13 percent to 15 percent compared with previous quarter; shares fall 11 percent in trading in Amsterdam (M)If any wine is likely to herald a future East End style, it's Palmer's 2000 5-Acre Block chardonnay.     This mouth-watering $20 white, made by Tom Drozd, is a model East End chardonnay. It can be confused with a good Chablis. And it is pointedly ...FOR an international symbol of hope and courage, Lauren Manning turns out to be a lot of fun -- and often very funny. Mrs. Manning, who was engulfed by a fireball in the lobby of 1 World Trade Center while on her way to work on Sept. 11, refers to...Lauren Manning, who was engulfed by fireball in lobby of 1 World Trade Center on Sept 11, spent months in coma and has undergone multiple surgeries; doctors say her survival is miracle, given extent of her burns; her husband wrote book about her ordeal, called Love Greg & Lauren; she considers herself very lucky; photo (M)Outside the Rexall Drugs pharmacy on the Upper East Side yesterday, flowers were strewn on the pavement and the door was blocked by orange cones.    One by one, stone-faced neighbors approached to pay their respects to the family of Bertrand Mond,...Bertrand Mond, who had been pharmacist in Carnegie Hill neighborhood for nearly four decades, is found fatally stabbed in Rexall Drug Store, at 1335 Madison Avenue near 94th Street; neighborhood residents who knew him laud his compassion and optimism; photo (M)aFOR all the numbing ordinariness of its setting  a slightly forlorn strip mall on a no-name stretch of highway on the outskirts of a Monmouth County borough that would dearly love to reinvigorate its downtown -- Caspita is one of the most fetching...''Quitting,'' a new film by Zhang Yang, tells the story of Jia Hongsheng, a rising Chinese movie star of the early 1990's whose career was derailed by drug problems and mental illness. In outline, Mr. Jia's story might have, for American audiences...A O Scott reviews movie Quitting, directed by Zhang Yang and featuring Jia Hongsheng as himself (M)WHEN asked recently why the Bush administration had waited until after Labor Day to begin its intensive effort to persuade America and the world of the need to confront Saddam Hussein, Andrew H. Card Jr., the White House chief of staff who is over...Advertising of new products starting in August described, in light of Andrew Card Jr's remark that Bush administration waited until after Labor Day to beat war drums over Iraq because 'you don't introduce new products in August'; photo (S)In an apartment over Tracy's Gun Shop, Hugo Bonilla spent much of the day talking on the telephone to Honduras and Guatemala, giving families the news that they will not see their relatives working in the United States again. At the kitchen table,...14 migrant workers are killed when van carrying them swerves over bridge and sinks in Allagash Wilderness Waterway in Maine; they are part of group of seasonal migrants who do labor-intensive forestry and farming work that few Mainers are willing to do; officials say loss of life make it worst traffic accident in Maine history; photo of sole survivor of accident, Edilberto Morales-Luis; workers were from Honduras and Guatemala (M)"