b"Rancho Zabaco: $13  ** 1/2  [rating: two and a half stars]  Sonoma Coast Reserve 2001  Admired without dissent. Eric Asimov liked its purity and character, and Frank J. Prial found it balanced. David Gordon called it complete, while Charles Scicol...Tasting panel report on pinot gris (M)Canada is the world's largest producer of ice wine. It figures. These sweet wines are made from grapes that are not picked until the dead of winter, after they freeze on the vines.     Then there's Clos St.-Denis Pomme de Glace, an ice wine that G...Sweet ice wine is made from apples in Quebec; photo (S)Q. I just got a computer with Windows XP installed on it, and every time I start it up, the modem automatically tries to dial up and connect to the Internet. How can I stop this?    A. A number of things might be compelling Windows XP to fire up y...Linux may be running behind Microsoft and Apple in the operating-system popularity contest, but a new release may appeal to curious computer users who want to sample this open-source software (and get some free tech support for it) without breakin...Red Hat introduces basic personal edition of Linux operating system prices at only $39.95; photo (S)Skeeter Kielblock wants you to know there will not be any sideshows like talking scarecrows and haunted houses when you come apple picking at his farm. There also will not be traffic back-ups and parking problems. Just walk into the front barn, pa...Marge Perry article on Hillview Farms farmstand in Gillette, NJ; photo (Quick Bite column) (M)Theater    ''ART OF THE TALE,'' a storytelling series featuring Odds Bodkin, on selected weekends through Dec. 15 at the Clark Studio Theater, at Lincoln Center. Performances this weekend: tomorrow at 3 p.m. and Sunday at 2 p.m. Tickets: $35. Info...Last Sunday, Tanimura & Antle Inc., one of the nation's largest vegetable growers, shipped 20 truckloads of broccoli to the Port of Oakland to be exported to Japan and Taiwan.    But all that broccoli is still sitting there, and Charles Schreiber,...Weeklong shutdown of 29 seaports on West Coast is beginning to hurt, and no businesses will be hurt more than thousands of farmers who grow perishable fruits and vegetables; in Salinas, Calif, some growers have delayed harvest of their vegetables, reducing hours of their farmworkers, hoping ports wil reopen soon; photos (M)THE pinot noir grape gives us some of the world's finest red wines. True Burgundy lovers would drop the ''some of.''     But pinot noir has given us some pretty good white wines, too. It's a prime constituent in Champagne, of course, where it is v...Frank J Prial Wine Talk column on American pinot gris; drawing (M)IT is a rare kitchen island that threatens to show up an art collection that includes paintings by David Hockney, Robert Rauschenberg and Richard Serra. But that is just what happened last week when 30 guests gathered at the Pacific Palisades home...Good Company column on party given by Howard Sadowsky in Los Angeles for fellow art patrons to raise funds for Los Angeles County Museum of Art; photos; recipe (M)SOMETIMES an owner's quickest prescription for an ailing restaurant is to change its name. At least that is what it looks like at the Ginger Man in Greenwich, which only an eye-blink ago was the Greenwich Steak House (for a mere six months) with s...Patricia Brooks reviews The Ginger Man restaurant in Greenwich, Conn; photos (M)"