b"THERE are hardly any apples at Breezy Hill Orchard here. A year ago Elizabeth Ryan, who owns Breezy Hill, a 45-acre farm in Dutchess County, walked aisles of Jonagold, Macoun, McIntosh and Golden Russet trees that groaned under the weight of their...Apple growers in Hudson Valley have one of worst harvests ever; a few springtime days brought area's apple trees into bloom, but were followed by six nights of killing frost; photos (M)When the shouting finally dies down and the moment of decision arrives, it is almost always the president who determines whether or not the country faces a clear and imminent danger to its national security. Congress may have doubts, but the White...R W Apple Jr news analysis of Congressional resolution giving Pres Bush legal authority for war against Iraq; holds when moment of decision arrives, it is almost always the president who determines whether or not country faces clear and imminent danger to its national security; notes that Congress may have doubts, but White House perspective prevails (M)SATJIV CHAHIL stopped traveling with a laptop computer because he didn't want to be part of the teeming masses he sees in airports carrying black cases with Dell on the side.  Many people are drawing the line on how much information and communications technology to allow in their lives, and many of them have high-level jobs in high-tech industries; they are aware, perhaps more than most, that personal choices they make about cellphones, handheld computers, laptops and other technology are reflection not only of way they perceive themselves but also of way they would like to be perceived by others; photos (M)VERIZON has stopped offering residential telephone customers the option of adding an e-mail or Web address to their phone-book listings.  Verizon stops offering residential telephone customers option of adding e-mail or Web address to their phonebook listings; adds 'reverse directory assistance' in New York State (S)* The CIT Group, Livingston, N.J., a commercial and residential lender, to the New York office of the Wolf Group as agency of record. Billings were estimated at $7 million to $10 million. The account had been handled by the New York office of Draf...CIT Group, commercial and residential lender, moves its advertising account to New York office of Wolf Group as agency of record (S)Good Ol' Boy on Good Ol' Girls      Have you ever noticed that some of those reporters on the sidelines at football games are women? ANDY ROONEY has, and he does not like it. On ''The Boomer Esiason Show'' on the MSG Network last week, he said, ''...Boldface Names column; Andy Rooney, who said on television last week that he does not like seeing female reporters on sidelines of football games, says his mistake was to speak his mind; Emilie Bousquet, chef at Cafe des Artistes, creates apple dessert honoring conductor Lorin Maazel; screening of Comedy Central film Porn 'n Chicken noted; photos (S)Isabel Masurovsky, the narrator of DISTURBANCE OF THE INNER EAR (Carroll & Graf, $25), Joyce Hackett's strange and intermittently lovely first novel, is a onetime child prodigy, a brilliant cellist who has been artistically blocked for a decade. W...Jennifer Marie Reese reviews book Disturbance of the Inner Ear by Joyce Hackett; drawing (S)LIKE the movies, the restaurant business thrives on the high concept. Just as a film called ''Gladiator'' suggests immediately that you are in for sweat and loincloths, many believe a new restaurant's name ought to telegraph its premise. Even casu...Eric Asimov reviews Pazo, Mediditerranean restaurant on East 57th Street; photo (M)WHAT do circus performers run off and join?    In Tisha and Jimmy Tinsman's case, it is the ranks of New Jersey restaurant owners.  Article on former circus performers Tisha and Jimmy Tinsman, who have opened Jimmy's Drive In Restaurant on Route 29 in Titusville, NJ; photo (M)Former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani announced yesterday that his consulting firm had signed a contract to advise Mexico City's police officials on crime-reduction techniques to deal with an epidemic of kidnappings, murders and robberies.     Mr. Giul...Former Mayor Rudolph Giuliani's consulting firm, Giuliani Group, signs contract to advise Mexico City police officials on crime-reduction techniques to combat rampant street crime there; he comments (S)"