b"Apple Computer said yesterday that 40 percent of the people who bought computers at the 27 retail stores it has opened in recent months were first-time users of Macintosh machines. The figure, analysts say, is an encouraging sign for the company's...Apple Computer says 40 percent of people who bought computers at 27 retail stores it opened in recent months were first-time users of Macintosh machines; analysts say figure is encouraging sign for company's strategy of trying to lure newcomers to Macintosh, whose users are loyal but less than 5 percent of all personal computer buyers; Apple reports net profit of $38 million in its fiscal first quarter ended in December, compared with loss of $195 million year earlier; revenues were $1.38 billion, increase of 37 percent for year ago (M)Understatement is not common to conversation in the United States, but Canadians are good at it. Consider the words of Steven Frank, the Toronto bureau chief of Time magazine, on the frenzy after timecanada .com published the magazine's exclusive ...Timecanada.com's publication 12 hours early of Time magazine's exclusive account of Apple Computer's new i-Mac computer and withdrawal of article few hours later makes it clear that Time secretly agreed to news embargo; event spurred speculation about deal that made magazine and Josh Quittner, author of Time's rave review of computer, villains of moment even before Apple chief executive Steven P Jobs distributed copies of Time at Apple's product festival and Time's Web site offered link to Apple's online store adjacent to rave; photo (M)For the young and the curious, the world of science and math is cracking wide open this week, with two new PBS series that have their premieres on Channel 13: ''Dragonfly TV,'' at 11 this morning, and ''Cyberchase,'' at 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. tomorrow....PBS to offer two new children's series: Dragonfly, weekly series, features children seeking scientific solutions to various questions; Cyberchase, daily cartoon series, seeks to improve mathematics literacy, teaching children to solve puzzles, organize numerical investigations and make sense of numbers; photos (M)If this is a snapshot of Silicon Valley during the worst of times, the picture is not half bad.    Houses on the market are receiving multiple bids, restaurant traffic is still respectable and the chip industry is glimpsing new growth.   California's Silicon Valley, nation's high-technology heartland, in its deepest recession in recent memory, may be already shaking off dot-com calamity of last 18 months; seems to be faring favorably, compared with many areas of nation, with some long-timers holding region will revive sooner than predicted; area companies are offering spate of new products; graphs of good and bad economic news; photos (M)Hydrogen fuel-cell motors are the rage at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit. The new technology will power the two-wheel Scoot, right, a scooter you can also carry on your back. The prototype, designed by Yves Behar and Johan L...Photo of two-wheel Scoot, battery-powered scooter that can be carried on one's back (Currents: California)Hot drinks with Latin accents are warming up the New York winter at Mosaico, a Latin-themed cafe at 175 Madison Avenue (34th Street). Assorted hot chocolates head the list: Mexican frothed with spices and chilies, Cuban with coffee and whipped cre...Comment on hot drinks wiWall Street Role Examined In the Rise and Fall of Enron  The collapse of the Enron Corporation promises to keep investors, lawmakers and corporate executives mesmerized for months to come.    While the spotlight is now trained on the nation's capi...Bibi Osterwald, an actress in theater, television and films, died on Jan. 2 in Burbank, Calif. She was 83 and lived in Burbank.    Ms. Osterwald appeared in Broadway shows that included the original production of ''Gentlemen Prefer Blondes,'' ''Bu...Bibi Osterwald, actress in theater, television and films, dies at age 83 (S)WITH the Surgeon General reporting last month that more than 60 percent of adult Americans were overweight, investing in companies that help people lose pounds might seem a promising strategy.    Weight Watchers International, a household name in ...Analysts comment on outlook for Weight Watchers International, which is trading at around $33 a share after going public at $24 a share on Nov 15, 2001; graph; photo of Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York, spokeswoman (M)WHEN I heard about Morgans in the Four Points Sheraton Hotel in Norwalk I was intrigued by the name. Could it be kin to a lively, original establishment that used to exist in the Glenville section of Greenwich?    No such luck. The name, I was tol...Patricia Brooks reviews Morgans restaurant in Norwalk, Conn (M)"