b"To the Editor: I enjoyed ''A Newly Burnished Bordeaux,'' (Nov. 24), R.W. Apple Jr.'s account of his visit. I was there last fall, with a group exploring French music. I agree with Mr. Apple about the 18th- century buildings; in my opinion, they fo...Richard H Howarth letter on R W Apple Jr's November 24 article recalls his own trip to Bordeaux, FranceOUT in Silicon Valley, they have a brilliant saying: ''Easy is hard.'' Making advanced technology seem simple enough for typical consumers, in other words, can be staggeringly difficult. These days, in fact, it may be a losing battle, as evidenced...David Pogue State of the Art column examines wireless computer networking for home; describes installation procedure for technology known as Wi-Fi; offers ratings and prices of gear by LinkSys, NetGear and Microsoft; drawing; photos (M)ON a brisk autumn day in Portland, Ore., Paul van Veen was soaking up some sun as he logged on to the Internet -- from a spot in bustling Pioneer Courthouse Square. Mr. van Veen was looking for a job, and he was surfing the Web over a free wireles...High-speed wireless technology called Wi-Fi, short for wireless fidelity, allows free Interet access in public areas and is becoming national trend; Portland, Ore, has about 140 'hot spots' throughout city developed by Personal Telco, grass-roots, nonprofit group devoted to blanketing city with free access points; simultaneously, pay-as-you-go systems are springing up in cafes, airports and other public areas; Wi-Fi is changing how technologically adept people go about work, offering mobility and flexibility; lists Web sites that direct users to access points nationwide; photos (L)THE chances are good, and getting better every day, that you have seen someone at a cafe or bookstore or in an airport lounge using a laptop computer to surf the Web, check e-mail or chat by instant messaging -- all without plugging anything in. I...Wireless hot spots, or nodes, are proliferating rapidly in public places, making it easier to use laptop computer to surf Web, check e-mail or chat by instant messaging, all without plugging anything in; computer or hand-held organizer must have Wi-Fi hardware and networking card with radio transceiver; two service options, Boingo and T-Mobile noted, along with subscription price; some services have security, but networks tend to be vulnerable to hackers; firewall software or virtual private networking software addresses security concerns; drawing (M)''We are blessed to be here making pies in South Jersey,'' said Evelyn Penza, owner and pie queen of the Red Barn Cafe in Hammonton.    Ms. Penza, a former schoolteacher who saved her family's farm by baking its fruits into a cash crop of pie, rif...Fran Pado reviews Red Barn Cafe restaurant and pie bakery in Hammonton, NJ; photo (M)The City Hall Park fountain, an ornate granite fountain that became the park's centerpiece after its renovation in 1999, had a sad summer. A citywide drought emergency kept the fountain -- like most across the city -- from flowing with water. Wint...City Hall Park fountain, dry because of last summer's drought, is planted with live foliage; photo (M)Blink, and it's 1955 again. Terrance Brennan, the chef and owner of Picholine and Artisanal, has given New York the culinary equivalent of a Cadillac with tail fins at his latest venture, bluntly named Terrance Brennan's Seafood and Chophouse. Din...William Grimes reviews Terrance Brennan's Seafood and Chophouse in Benjamin Hotel, Manhattan; photo (M)The original big business in Sacramento was gold, back in 1849. After the Gold Rush died down, the biggest industries in the city -- the capital of California -- were politics and agriculture. Both are still booming, but in the last decade the cit...Travel article on Sacramento, Calif, as business destination; photo (M)6SOME restaurants are commercial propositions pure and simple. Match this cuisine with that interior designer, insert into correct market niche and count the money. Other restaurants defy calculation. These are the ''dollar and a dream'' restaurant...William Grimes reviews Salon Mexico, restaurant on East 26th Street in Madison Square area; photo (M)Jeff Tweedy called Loose Fur's concert on Friday night at St. Ann's Warehouse the first half of its career. The other half was to be its second show, on Saturday night. He wasn't entirely accurate, since Loose Fur's career also includes an album d...Jon Pareles reviews concert by Loose Fur at St Ann's Warehouse (M)"