b"Apple Computer overcame supply difficulties to post second-quarter earnings exceeding analysts' expectations, indicating the company's flashy new iMac home computer was being well received.    Apple has been looking for a way to break out of its s...Apple Computer Inc posts fiscal second-quarter earnings exceeding analysts' expectations; reports net profit of $40 million; revenue reached $1.5 billion compared with $1.43 billion year ago; chief financial officer Fred Anderson comments (M)THE beige-box personal computer, the drab diehard of modern industrial design, became a visual standard without a lot of deep thought in 1981, when I.B.M. introduced its PC. It was functional, neutral, almost non-design, says Lee Green, the compan...Beige computer components are shunted aside as black and dark gray become newest design trend; in increasingly competitive market, color can draw attention as fast as electronic innovation; Apple has long been on cutting edge of component design; photos (M)HERE in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of downtown Los Angeles, more than 500 Chinese restaurants vie for your business. This is no worn, close-packed, inner-city Asian neighborhood like those in New York and San Francisco, but a spacious, subu...R W Apple Jr article on more than 500 Chinese restaurants in Monterey Park, Calif, which is first Asian-majority city on US mainland; photos (L)Hong Lu, born in Taiwan, raised in Japan, educated at Berkeley and made wealthy in Silicon Valley, founded a company several years ago to sell telecommunications equipment in mainland China. His intention was to take advantage of his multicultural...Survey paid for by Public Policy Institute of California suggests that it is common for immigrants who have become staple of Silicon Valley's growth to export their experience--and Northern California's entrepreneurial culture--back to their homelands; finds that immigrant entrepreneurs and professionals, in particular from China and India, increasingly are meeting with government officials and consulting with companies in their native countries; finds that 18 percent of immigrants surveyed had invested in their own start-ups or in venture funds in their homelands; survey seeks to illuminate complex labor ties and economic relationship between Silicon Valley and East Asia--relationship that has sometimes been criticized as disproportionately benefiting US; some economists, industry analysts and foreign officials have lamented what they call brain drain from Asian countries--with computer programmers and experts flocking to Silicon Valley for higher pay and better standard of living; University of California at Berkley researcher who conducted study, AnnaLee Saxenian, says data suggests there is 'brain circulation'; Hong Lu, co-founder of UTStarcom, company with its headquarters in Alameda, Calif, and its operations in Beijing, comments; photo (M)Q. What is the difference between 802.11b and 802.11a wireless networking?    A. The two technologies are part of a group of wireless networking standards that include yet another version, the nascent 802.11g. For a computer user, the differences ...IN an area with few family restaurants, Amalfi has been a dependable presence on Pleasantville Road, the village's main street, for more than 16 years. Its dining rooms are animated by friendly servers, making their way through clusters of diners ...M H Reed reviews Amalfi Restaurant in Briarcliff Manor, NY; photos (M)IF the characters played by Mickey Rourke and Kevin Bacon in the movie ''Diner'' were to drop by the new City Limits Diner in Stamford, they might recognize familiar elements -- booths, Art Deco d\xc3\xa9cor with a quadruple-lifesize coffee cup and dough...Patricia Brooks reviews City Limits Diner in Stamford, Conn (M)IT has been a decade since Coke Anne Murchison Wilcox bought the Maidstone Arms in East Hampton and transformed it into the epitome of country elegance and fine dining. For seven of those years, William Valentine was the chef, a flamboyant, creati...Joanne Starkey reviews Maidstone Arms restaurant in East Hampton, Long Island; photo (M)Tracing a Common Name    Q. Since the million daffodils given to New York by the Dutch in remembrance of Sept. 11, I find myself at odds with a neighbor from the South who calls them jonquils. Isn't a jonquil something else?    A. Daffodils, natur...An 18-year-old student was strangled in her dormitory room at Fairleigh Dickinson University here early Sunday, and her former boyfriend was arrested today on charges of murdering her, the authorities said.    The victim, Tiffany Bratton, of Jerse...Police arrest Novis Parker on charges that he strangled his former girlfriend Tiffany Bratton in her dormitory room at Fairleigh Dickinson University in Florham Park, NJ; Parker tells police he was with her and that he 'choked' her (M)"