b"LEAVE it to the Danes, those past masters of form and color, to turn sandwiches into still lifes.    At Ida Davidsen's snug little basement restaurant, a couple of blocks from Amalienborg, the royal palace, they build small works of art out of fis...R W Apple, in second of three articles on food of Scandinavia, describes eating out in Copenhagen; photos (L)This was no everyday summit conference. For a start, there were a lot more bluejeans than pinstripe suits.    There were dire predictions, of course, and the requisite amount of pointing with alarm. But instead of conference rooms perfumed with ci...R W Apple Jr Reporter's Notebook on gathering of more than 300 people, mostly Southerners, in Oxford, Miss, to argue about and eat barbecue, which one overexcited speaker describes as 'only truly American food'; photo; convention is sponsored by Southern Foodways Alliance, which aims to preserve traditional regional cooking and operates under aegis of Center for the Study of Southern Culture at University of Mississippi; Calvin Trillin offers final words (M)They were fathers and mothers of invention, and their children were diverse as ingenuity itself: a kidney dialysis machine, fiber optic cable, a hepatitis vaccine, miniature microphones, a reading machine, the birth control pill, high-resolution r...US Patent and Trademark Office, celebrating its 200th anniversary, holds forum in Washington, DC, with 37 members of National Inventors Hall of Fame to discuss art and craft of what they do (M)The front label on Martha Clara Vineyards' 2000 cabernet franc faintly depicts a wedding photo, which the back label explains. The bride was Martha Clara Entenmann, who spent the better part of the last century raising her family and then helping ...Howard Goldberg reviews 2000 cabernet franc from Martha Clara Vineyards and 2001 chardonnay from Laurel Lake; photo (Long Island Vines column) (M)  ROUGE PULP   By Dorothy Barresi.   University of Pittsburgh, paper, $12.95.  Emily Nussbaum reviews book Rouge Pulp by Dorothy Barresi (S)It takes courage to put together a menu without a steak on it, or any beef at all, for that matter. It especially takes courage to put together such an uncompromising menu at the corner of Broadway and 88th Street.    But despite this neighborhood...Eric Asimov reviews Aix restaurant in Manhattan; photo (M)Cabaret for Hospital  TOMORROW -- An evening of cabaret with Barbara Cook, at the New York State Theater at Lincoln Center, will raise money for the Weill Cornell Center of New York-Presbyterian Hospital. Drinks at 6:30 will be followed by the per...Ten years ago, Laura De Seroux was not sure where her career in racing would take her. She had done just about everything around the racetrack, from galloping horses at the long-forgotten Cahokia Downs to working as the coordinator of racing for t...Azeri wins Breeders' Cup Distaff and could be first filly to win Horse of Year since 1986 (M)THE drive to Terrapin, a rave-winning restaurant, is stunning. You'll pass over the Ashokan Reservoir, see the Catskill Mountains rising all around, and wonder if this can possibly be the way to destination dining. It is: Terrapin, a former post o...Claudia Rowe reviews Terrapin restaurant in West Hurley, NY; photo (M)HALLOWEEN   From Pagan Ritual to Party Night.   By Nicholas Rogers.   Illustrated. 198 pp. New York:   Oxford University Press. $23.     DEATH MAKES A HOLIDAY   A Cultural History of Halloween.   By David J. Skal.   Illustrated. 224 pp. New York: ...Karal Ann Marling reviews books: Halloween: From Pagan Ritual to Party Night by Nicholas Rogers; and Death Makes a Holiday: A Cultural History of Halloween by David J Skal; drawing (M)"