b"Each generation of hand-held computers gets a little better at sustaining its users between visits to their PC's. But a model by the OQO Corporation, which is based in San Francisco, has ambitions to replace its desktop counterpart.    The device,...OQO Corp introduces hand-held computer that it hopes will replace its desktop counterpart; device weighs nine ounces and will sell for $1,000; photo (S)As we mourn the long-gone doctor's office [''The Diagnosis: Medical Park-itis,'' Out of Order, April 21] we must now also confront the assembly line of personnel in the local medical centers. David Bouchier charitably refers to these automatons as...Nancy Deegan letter on David Bouchier's April 21 Out of Order column holds doctors are neglecting patientsJay Chiat, the coolly cerebral and fiercely passionate executive who helped transform the advertising industry in the 1970's and 1980's with creative campaigns like ''1984'' for Apple and ''I Love L.A.'' for Nike died yesterday at his home in Mari...Jay Chiat, Chiat/Day executive whose creative campaigns helped transform advertising industry in 1970's and 1980's, dies at age 70; photo (M)It's hard enough to be human when the weather swings as wildly as it has in the past two weeks, but imagine what it must be like to be an apple tree or a cluster of peonies. There's no such thing as a tentative foray for the new buds, no rushing b...Editorial comments on crazy weather this month, from high of 96 degrees to low of less than 40 degrees within one weekCompass, formerly Marika, is a restaurant looking for a new direction. Physically, it looks much the same, although a new abstract painting has been installed on the back wall. The executive chef, Neil Annis, who was called in to shore up Marika's...William Grimes reviews Compass restaurant in Manhattan; photo (M)A confrontation between dozens of elected village leaders and long-entrenched Communist Party bosses, many of them accused of brazen corruption and nepotism, has stewed for three years now in the apple-blossom hills of eastern China.    So far, th...Village elections throughout China, with their oratory of popular control, are colliding with interests of township and village Communist Party leaders; in Eastern China, in Qixia, confrontation between dozens of elected village leaders and long-entrenched party bosses, many of them accused of brazen corruption and nepotism, has stewed for three years; Qixia's elected officials say local control is being undermined and last year, in bold act of collective protest, 57 village directors resigned en masse; their complaints got some notice but no breakthroughs; senior leaders looked the other way, concerned for political stability in countryside; photos; map (M)ONE warm evening this spring, the fashion model Frankie Rayder and Alexander McQueen, the British fashion designer, sat pressed together in a tiny SoHo garden discussing a certain matter of taste: Marmite.    ''It's the best,'' said Ms. Rayder, a ...Scene described as jewelry designer Carolina Barbieri and fashion designer Alexander McQueen throw informal buffet dinner for 20 at tiny SoHo garden apartment; recipe; photos (M)Alan Dale, the Brooklyn-born baritone who crooned his way to popularity in the late 1940's and the 1950's with hits like ''Oh, Marie'' and ''Cherry Pink (and Apple Blossom White),'' died on Saturday at a hospital in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn. Mr. Dale, ...Alan Dale, Broklyn-born crooner who recorded hundreds of singles, dies at 73; photo (M)Thanks to 12 years of Catholic single-sex education, a lack of brothers and an overdeveloped interest in reading as a child, I grew up in a world almost completely devoid of boys. Except, of course, for those boys I was related to. I had 25 first ...Article by Ann Patchett on taboo about marrying first cousins that is strong is some parts of world and does not exist in other parts of world; photo (M)PIDE and lahmacun, rather than abracadabra and shazam, are the magic words at the new Ali Baba Turkish Restaurant II in Great Neck. What appears at your table when you recite them is not a genie, but two of the delicious staples of Turkish street ...Richard Jay Scholem reviews Ali Baba Turkish Restaurant II in Great Neck, Long Island (A La Carte column) (M)"