b"R. W. Apple Jr., who has covered wars, revolutions, presidential elections and other world and national events for The New York Times for nearly 40 years, the last 5 as chief correspondent of The Times, has been appointed associate editor.    The ...New York Times names chief correspondent, R W Apple Jr, associate editor; his extensive experience as national and foreign correspondent for Times for nearly 40 years discussed; will write on wide variety of topics in new role; photo (M)FOR generations on end, the Locke-Ober Caf\xc3\xa9 occupied almost as honored a place in Boston and Massachusetts as the bean and the cod. Many a Brahmin family gathered in its clublike rooms to celebrate an important anniversary, and many a coterie of p...R W Apple Jr reports on revitalized Locke-Ober Cafe in Boston under its new proprietor, Lydia Shire; notes new management of Locke-Ober Cafe, which first opened in 1894, has updated menu while holding true to classics, like lobster stew, that generations of Bostonians have loved; recipe; photos (L)Walter B. Hewlett, with a shareholder vote in a month, issued a report yesterday that sketched out an alternative plan for Hewlett-Packard -- a strategy, he argued, that could leave stockholders better off by $14 to $17 a share than if the company...Alternati4Q.  What does a business or an individual need to set up a Web site? What steps are involved in obtaining a Web site domain, and what is the approximate cost?    A.  To set up a professional Web site, you need to choose a name for it, create the e...The collapse of the Enron Corporation is hastening a sea change in the way American business talks to consumers in its advertising.    The change has been under way as a result of the dot-com bust, the terrorist attacks and the economic slowdown. ...Collapse of Enron Corp is hastening seas change in way American business talks to consumers in its advertising; change has been under way as rsult of dot-com bust, terrorist attacks and economic slowdown; all those dislocations have led Madison Avenue ad agencies to discontinue campaigns that celebrated how young business upstarts took risks, broke rules and thought 'outside the box'; successor campaigns are more serious and measured, focusing on topics that had been considered boring, like community, experience and customer service; some specific ad campaigns noted; photo (M)LAST year my Dad died. Old age. He was 89. Since then, I've wanted to do something special for him, in tribute, like write a novel or a musical. He was a songwriter, perhaps best known for his songs ''Till Then'' and ''Shoo-Fly Pie and Apple Pan D...Peter Wood essay, recalling childhood memories of his father, songwriter Guy Bonar Wood, who died last year at 89, realizes he has done something special for him, in tribute, through his young daughter, Zoe; drawing (M)Compulsive gambling, attendance at sporting events, vulnerability to telephone scams and exuberant investing in the stock market may not seem to have much in common. But neuroscientists have uncovered a common thread.    Such behaviors, they say, ...Article on research by neuroscientists that finds that human brain uses same circuits to assess diverse social rewards, such as gambling and stock market investing, as those that have evolved in animals to assess rewards important to their survival, like food and sex; neuroscientists say much of brain's activity takes place outside conscious awareness; findings challenge notion that people always make conscious choices about what they want and how to attain it; photo (M)AS spring approaches, the seed companies begin clamoring to provide new and fascinating things. Like fashion designers, they send their latest creations down the catalog runways. And like the annual parades of haute couture, these new fruits and v...Comment on new fruits and vegetables being marketed by seed companies in their spring catalogues; list of some good sources for unusual seeds; photos (M)A federal judge refused to set a man free yesterday, even though the man was acquitted last month in a deadly robbery and this week the judge himself dismissed a new, related charge.    The judge, Frederic Block of Federal District Court in Brookl...Brooklyn Federal District Court Judge Frederic Block refuses to free Qasim Duffy even though he was acquitted in 1997 robbery; believes prosecutors proved during trial that Duffy killed man during robbery (M)A federal judge in Brooklyn yesterday dismissed a new charge against a man who had just been acquitted last month in a related case, criticizing federal prosecutors for what he said was an attempt to make up for their defeat in court.    In a rare..."