b"''WE live very simply,'' Winston Churchill wrote to his wife in 1915 from his temporary quarters in Surrey, south of London, ''but with all the essentials of life well understood and well provided for -- hot baths and cold Champagne, new peas and ...Second of two articles on French bWhen connecting digital devices -- like camcorders or the new Apple iPod for Windows -- to a PC, a high-speed port works best. There are two relatively new standards for high-speed file transfer, FireWire (technically, IEEE 1394) and U.S.B. 2.0.  ...Keyspan card that can be installed in any PCI expansion slot creates two ports for connection for high-speed file transfer; photo (M)Q. I have a few hundred compact discs of classical music. Is there a portable device on which all these CD's can be stored and indexed? How much sound quality is lost when you convert a song from a compact disc to the MP3 format?    A. A variety o...A RECENT visit to Download.com reminded me why the entertainment industry is in such a panic over the Internet. The most popular program on the site's Top 50 list during the week of Sept. 15 was KaZaA Media Desktop, a Napster-like file-sharing pro...Rob Fixmer State of the Art column comments on Microsoft's new Media Player 9; used with cable-modem connection, player improves media streaming capabilities; photos; drawing (M)ZAMBONI-Maria Seletsky, Livingston, NJ, September 18, 2002. Burial, Veteran's Cemetery, Calverton, NY. Born 1906, Vladivostok, Russia. Predeceaed by husbands, Charles Robertson and Jack Wiley Zamboni. Service, U.S. Army, New Guinea, Technician 5th...ZAMBONI-Maria Seletsky, Livingston, NJ, September 18, 2002. Burial, Veteran's Cemetery, Calverton, NY. Born 1906, Vladivostok, Russia. Predeceaed by husbands, Charles Robertson and Jack Wiley Zamboni. Service, U.S. Army, New Guinea, Technician 5th...An Upper East Side supermarket, where Fifth Avenue residents like Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis once shopped, has lost its lease and is moving after more than half a century in the same spot. The supermarket, Gristede's, on the corner of Madison Aven...Gristede's supermarket has lost its lease on corner of Madison Avenue and 85th Street and will move to 86th Street near Lexington Avenue; Dean & DeLuca will move into Gristede's site (S)WHEN Lori Levine went online last November to order two prescription drugs for preventing seizures and treating depression, she was pleased. Ms. Levine, 49, then a registered nurse in El Sobrante, Calif., whose insurance did not cover the $200-a-m...Internet pharmacy industry makes strides since its birth in 1990's, but questions remain about reliability and pricing; government regulation is patchy, especially with online drug suppliers located beyond United States borders; photo (M)Best Bet      For its latest entry, A Small Company in America offers a world premiere of a new musical comedy, ''The Chanson of Nicolette and Aucassin.'' With book and words by Richard Pioreck of Hicksville and music by Scott Harshbarger of Oyste...To the Editor:    Re ''M.B.A. Programs Now Screen for Integrity, Too'' (Sept. 15), which described the enthusiasm of top business schools to check applicants for ethical standards in light of recent corporate scandals:     Clearly, schools will ha...Columbia University Prof Barbara Ley Toffler letter on September 15 article holds new focus by MBA programs on screening applicants for integrity, honesty and ethics is dangerous"