b"NOTHING brings out the geezer in me like a chunky, thick-walled bottle of milk -- a proper glass bottle, not a wobbly wax-paper carton -- with a dense, ivory-colored collar of cream climbing proudly into the neck.    It's guaranteed to make me sta...ONE robot was tossed into an abandoned building in Afghanistan by soldiers from the 82nd Airborne Division. Another shimmied through a thin air shaft in the Great Pyramid of Giza. A third hunted dust bunnies under Helen Greiner's bed.    Field tes...IRobot Corp, founded by Helen Greiner, Colin Angle and Rodney Brooks, develops robots for variety of uses, ranging from household chores to military applications; successes and range of applications cited; photos (M)HAVING all your contacts and appointments at hand is one of the most convenient things about owning a handheld organizer, and synchronizing makes it easy to keep both the hand-held and your big computer up to date. Press a button, and everything o...New cellphones and software from phone manufacturers permit import of data from organizer or PC so user only has to carry phone to have appointments and phone numbers handy; roundup of models and prices; drawing (M)Laptops are funny. Most things in life cost more the bigger they are, like soda bottles, diamonds and vacations. But laptops generally cost more the smaller and more stripped down they are. For example, a Dell SmartStep 200N (8 pounds, DVD drive) ...David Pogue State of the Art column on AlphaSmart Dana, which is somewhere between hand-held organizer and laptop; runs Palm operating system but offers more flexibility, full-size keyboard, but is not feature-laden; drawing; photo (M)A few old-fashioned suitcases in the windows gently suggest the main theme at Voyage, a restaurant that takes its globalism seriously enough to put a spiffy-looking steel globe up front.    It is hard to say whether the menu at Voyage is domestic ...William Grimes reviews Voyage restaurant in Greenwich Village; photo (M)Now coming from the bench to substitute for Michael Jordan, basketball's greatest player ever with six championship rings and the progenitor of Air Jordan sneakers . . . is Lee Clow, a gray-bearded advertising executive often spotted in sandals.  ...Michael Jordan, basketball great, resigns from board of Oakley Inc, and is replaced with Lee Clow, ad executives (S)The new Eric Carle Museum of Picture Book Art, dedicated to children's literature, opened last month in Amherst, Mass. Mr. Carle, the author and illustrator of more than 70 books, including the 1969 classic ''The Very Hungry Caterpillar,'' donated...Author and illustrator Eric Carle opens Eric Carle Museum of Picture Book Art, dedicated to children's literature, in Amherst, Mass; photo (M)GINGERBREAD isn't the prettiest sister home for the holidays. She is plain and pensive, preferring family and close friends to fancy parties.    But throw a shimmering sash around her, a well-chosen jewel or two, and everyone runs to her side. Gin...Texture, one of the major pleasures of wine, gets scant attention in wine chat. But it takes center stage in three newly released wines from Michael Lynne's properties, Bedell Cellars in Cutchogue and Corey Creek Vineyards in Southold.     Bedell'...Howard Goldberg reviews Bedell Cellars 2000 reserve chardonnay, Bedell's 2001 riesling and Corey Creek's 2000 reserve chardonnay wines; photo (M)THE venerable Heidelberg restaurant refers to itself as ''Manhattan's favorite German beer garden in the heart of Yorkville.'' It is also the only German beer garden in Yorkville.    It may seem hard to believe now, but German restaurants were onc..."