b"TRAILING the candidates through the key primary states as a political correspondent many years ago, I decided that, California aside, I liked Wisconsin best. I respected its political creativity, especially under the La Follettes, who prefigured t...R W Apple Jr article on trip off beaten trail through Wisconsin, discovering good food, friendly people, and interesting sites; map; photo (M)Microsoft began promoting its Tablet PC nearly two years ago with a clear message and vision: a powerful, pen-based computer unfettered by a keyboard. Bill Gates, the company's chairman, made the rounds of industry events, prototype tablet in hand...Microsoft Corp's machines using its Tablet personal computer software that will be introduced Nov 7 will use pen-based features to enhance conventional notebook computers; few of 14 companies signed up as Tablet PC partners plan to produce pure tablets, yet all are expected to be able to attach keyboards; photo of Microsoft founder Bill Gates (M)Niebaum-Coppola $40  *** [rating: three stars]  Napa Valley 1999  Lots of fruit, with complexity and balance, the consensus favorite. Delicious, Amanda Hesser said, and everyone else agreed. Frank J. Prial thought it had everything the panel was l...Details of panel's tasting report on cabernet franc (M)9CABERNET FRANCS are deceiving. While their ruby red color suggests heft and body, the wines can actually be quite light and quite juicy.    This presents a challenge when serving them with food. You don't want to clobber the wines with too much fl...Amanda Hesser comments on dishes that would be well paired with cabernet franc; recipe for grilled lamb sausages (S)Daniel H. Case III, an investment banker who helped take public many of the highest-flying technology companies in the 1980's and 1990's, died Wednesday at his home in San Francisco. He was 44.    The cause was brain cancer, said David Golden, hea...Daniel H Case III, investment banker who helped launch many Silicon Valley enterprises, dies at age 44; photo (M)THERE is more cabernet franc in France -- 35,000 acres -- than anywhere else in the world, but chances are that if it weren't for Americans, hardly anyone would know that. When it comes to wine, we are hooked on grape names, while most Europeans p...Frank J PrialEVERY day motorists on busy Central Avenue whisk by the Hartsdale Pet Cemetery, unaware that behind the stately wrought iron gates lies the nation's oldest cemetery dedicated to pets, the burial ground for more than 75,000 animals.    There was th...Article on annual war dog commemoration at Hartsdale Pet Cemetery in Hartsdale, NY, that honored working dogs in variety of missions, including search-and-rescue efforts at World Trade Center; photo (M)The pianist Dick Hyman (below) and some nimble-fingered friends will explore jazz in New York from the 1920's on, in the Jazz in July series at the 92nd Street Y. The 11-day event opens with ''Legends of New York Jazz,'' July 16 at 8 p.m., with Vi...On the Town column lists new movies, exhibitions, television shows and books set in or about New York City; photo (M)C\xc3\xa9sar Riera has never spied a C\xc3\xa9zanne or a Pollock, but modern art has changed his life.    He runs Thompson's Diner on Queens Boulevard, in an industrial nook of Long Island City. And until yesterday, when the Museum of Modern Art opened its temp...Cesar Riera, who runs family business Thompson's Diner in Long Island City, is unwitting benefactor of Museum of Modern Art's temporary move to Queens; Thompson's is only eatery for blocks in neighborhood that consists mostly of warehouses; photo (M)Only a person of unblemished virtue can get a job at Wal-Mart -- a low-level job, that is, sorting stock, unloading trucks or operating a cash register. A drug test eliminates the chemical miscreants; a detailed ''personality test'' probes the job...Barbara Ehrenreich Op-Ed article scores Wal-Mart managers who allegedly force low-level workers to work overtime without paying them at overtime rate or paying them at all for extra hours; cites similar experiences at other companies while researching book on low-wage work; deplores two-tier system of morality in which low-paid employees are expected to work hard, obey rules and selflessly donate time to companies while top executives apparently feel free to do what they want; drawing (M)"