b"It has long been Silicon Valley's favorite guessing game: What is Steven P. Jobs going to do next?     The question is particularly engrossing as Apple Computer prepares to introduce the new version of its Macintosh OS X software operating system....Apple Computer reportedly weighs introduction of hand-held device that would combine elements of cellphone and Palm-like personal digital assistant; forthcoming Macintosh OS X, Version 10.2, is being marketed as improvement for desktop computer users, but it has features that make more sense in hand-held device than desktop; move would play into Apple's so-called digital hub strategy, in which Macintosh desktop computer is center of web of peripheral devices; photo of Steven P Jobs, Apple chief executive (M)Apple Computer has a hit on its hands. Not its elegant iMac desktop machines or the lustworthy iPod music player -- those are old news. This hit is a television ad featuring a slow-talking, engaging teenager, Ellen Feiss, who describes her decisio...Eileen Feiss gains cult following among Internet viewers after appearing in Apple Computer ad as slow-talking, slackerly teenager whose homework is eaten by Windows PC; photo (M)WHEN Apple unveiled its Mac OS X operating system a couple of years ago, the company's chief executive, Steven P. Jobs, explained that it offered two important benefits. First, Mac OS X (pronounced ''ten'') rests on a superstable, industrial-stren...David Pogue State of the Art column explores upgrade for Apple's Mac OS X; when new operating system was released, Mac fans were not enamored of it, but this upgrade, called Jaguar, restores speed and adds some new features; drawing (M)FOR 14 years, computer users who bought software by Dantz, a manufacturer of backup programs, received unlimited free technical support by phone or by e-mail. No longer. Earlier this year, Dantz began restricting its free assistance to just 30 day...Some software companies are reducing amount of free technical support they offer to customers, leaving many users to fend for themselves or pay fees that range from nominal to fairly steep; Microsoft is bucking trend, promising unlimited free support for software packages, but is starting to charge customers who buy individual components and need more than installation instructions; photo (M)WHEN they met with industry analysts in New York in April, Michael Dell and his management team were curiously buoyant, playful, swaggering a bit. The computer industry's worst slump in memory? It was a cloud with a shining silver lining for the c...Dell Computer, undaunted by industry's current soft sales and hard times, is moving beyond making personal desktop and laptop computers into corporate data centers and large sales of business computers and servers; catering successfully to corporate customers will require marked transition in Dell's business operations; photo; graph of worldwide computer sales (M)Online Travel Agent Books Directly With the Airlines  Following through on one of its most provocative business plans, Orbitz, the airline-owned online travel agent, will begin booking tickets directly in the reservation system of American Airline...WATTS WACKER, co-author of ''The Deviant's Advantage,'' argues that top executives can build corporate cultures that are open to innovative ideas -- what the book calls ''positive deviance.'' Following are excerpts from an interview.   WILLIAM J. ...Interview with Watts Wacker, co-author of book The Deviant's Advantage, on moving fringe ideas into business mainstream; photo (M)ROUGE, the town house restaurant that opened in March on the Upper East Side, presents an inviting face. It has a well-known chef, David Ruggerio, who made his early reputation cooking at high-end French restaurants like La Caravelle, Maxim's and ...Eric Asimov reviews celebrity chef David Ruggerio's Upper East Side restaurant Rouge; photo (M)IN local beekeeping circles, there is a special, hushed tone of voice reserved for the annus horribilis, 1996, when all the honeybees died.    That spring, hobbyists and professional farmers alike put on their protective headgear and opened up the...Article on efforts by beekeepers in Westchester County, NY, and across US to keep hives safe from two exotic parasites, tracheal mite and varroa mite, which caused major kill-offs in 1996; beekeepers now treat hives with camphor and essential oils and hang pesticide strips; photos (M)MORE than any American play of the last century, ''Our Town'' stands for simple truths and eternal connections. After last year's terrorist attacks, the search for coherence and humanity turned into an essential mission for survival.     To hold o...Alvin Klein reviews Bay Street Theater production of Thornton Wilder play Our Town, directed by Jack Hofsiss; photo (M)"