b"No, your computer has not become finicky, and it is not Celine Dion's fault, whatever other artistic misdeeds she may have committed.    European fans of Ms. Dion have been discovering that her new CD, ''A New Day Has Come,'' incorporates technolo...Celine Dion's new CD incorporates technology to protect it against being copied, but technology also prevents disc from being played in personal computers; Apple Computer issues warning and tips on opening balky disk drive if CD will not eject; Sony Music Entertainment defends effort; holds discs do no lasting damage to PC's; has so far distributed copy-protected CD's only in Europe; photo (M)Photos of Big Apple Circus animals in New York City's Cunningham Park, and of illusionist David Blaine atop pillar in Bryant ParkPhotos of Big Apple Circus animals in New York City's Cunningham Park, and of illusionist David Blaine atop pillar in Bryant ParkHurricanes, drought, hail  Steve Clarke and his fellow Hudson Valley fruit growers have seen it all in the last few years. But not a gyrating thermometer, at least not until now. The way their luck's been running, though, it was just a matter of t...Unpredictable weather has damaged much of New York State fruit crop; some growers have lost money for four consecutive years; photos (M)The Peconic Bay Winery helpfully telegraphs the style of its 2000 chardonnay. It is called La Barrique.    A barrique is a 59-gallon oak cask typically used in Bordeaux. This means wine-savvy buyers will expect woodiness in the recipe.  Peconic Bay Winery winemaker Greg Gove explains why used French oak barrels were used in making 2000 chardonnay (Long Island Vines column) (M)What's your taste in ice cream? If it runs to classic old-fashioned flavors, then what Mark Thompson makes for the Brooklyn Ice Cream Factory (above), in a landmark fireboat house on a pier in the shadow of the Brooklyn Bridge, is for you. Chocola...Classic old-fashioned ice-cream flavors are specialty of Mark Thompson's Brooklyn Ice Cream Factory; photo (S)To the Editor:    Re ''Slip, Fall, Collect'' (editorial, May 13):    Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg should focus New York City's resources on reducing negligence rather than on creating unreasonable barriers to justice for injured New Yorkers. The pro...New York State Trial Lawyers AssociaPlaying the Apollo, and the Apple      How did STEVIE WONDER and WYNTON MARSALIS get to the front of the Apollo Theater for their red-carpet entrance before Jazz at Lincoln Center's benefit on Monday? By going out the back door and having Mr. Wond...Boldface Names column; Stevie Wonder and Wynton Marsalis perform at Apollo Theater for Jazz at Lincoln Center benefit; photo; Rudolph Giuliani comments on HBO documentary In Memoriam: New York City, 9/11/01, screened at Lincoln Center; Sidney Waite, 39-year-old Canadian, pleads guilty to harrassing Caroline Kennedy and promises to leave her alone; Colin Firth comments on friendship with Rupert Everett, co-star in movie version of The Importance of Being Earnest; Luciano Pavarotti cancels performance in Manchester, England, to prepare for Three Tenors appearance during World Cup in Japan (S)LA CR\xc3\x89MAILL\xc3\x88RE fits seamlessly into the neighborhood in this tiny hamlet halfway between Greenwich and Bedford, a well-preserved dowager with genteel manners and a history of facelifts.     Like the stock market that has been so good to so many of...Alice Gabriel reviews La Cremaillere restaurant in Banksville, NY; photos (M)TO ensure my safety at this time of national alert, I plan to move to a remote bunker in Montana -- as soon as I find gainful employment there. In the meantime, here's how I spend a typical day.    0600 hours: Rise to bugle reveille from clock rad...Ted Allen satiric comment logs his daily log of personal terrorism alerts (S)NOW it's up to Harvey to reform the accounting industry.    Congressional gridlock has made it virtually certain that nothing is going to emerge from Capitol Hill to truly regulate the auditors. With the help of some generous campaign contribution...Floyd Norris column urges Securities and Exchange Commission chairman Harvey L Pitt to reform accounting industry; says Congressional gridlock has made it virtually certain that nothing is going to emerge from Congress to truly regulate auditors; holds with help of some generous campaign contributions, Final Four accounting firms and their trade organization have secured enough support to block real reform bill (M)"