b"The Apple Computer chairman, Steven P. Jobs, said the company would re-enter the corporate computing market next month with a pizza-box-size machine designed for data centers. Apple is trying to capitalize on the popularity of its Macintosh OS X U...Apple Computer chairman Steven P Jobs says company will re-enter corporate computing market in June with pizza-box-size machine designated for data centers; new rack-mounted Xserve computer will be priced at $2,999 to $6,500 and will come with as much as 480 gigabytes of storage and high-speed network connection; photo (S)THAT old question is back, the one made famous by former Senator Howard H. Baker Jr. during Watergate. In one form or another, it was used by every network anchor and by dozens of members of Congress last week. What the country needed to find out,...R W Apple comment on return of politics as usual following national shock of Sept 11 terrorist attacks; photos; notes that partisan kerfuffles have always been one of main ways in which messy American democracy gets at uncomfortable truths, because insights into character are not trivial, nor are previously hidden failures of policy judgment, as with pre-Sept 11 intelligence data (M)IN the United States, the recording industry has dealt with music copying mostly through legal action and the development of anti-copying technology. In Canada, however, the industry is going after cash.     If a group representing musicians, comp...broad tax sought on music storage7ECONOMICS may be the dismal science, but these days the news about chemistry, physics and biology is fairly dismal as well. At the end of April, the National Science Foundation released its biannual report on the state of science and to no one's s...National Science Foundation's latest biannual report finds public understanding of science is low; scientific illiteracy is not new problem, but problem may go beyond state of science education to dearth of science-based toys; William Gurstelle, engineer alarmed about lack of tinkering by children, has written book, Backyard Ballistics, that features simple and safe pyrotechnic experiments for older children; he says problems he had getting book published illustrate another reason that tinkering is in decline; photos (M)THIS week, in my very own home, I performed three technological feats so advanced, so miraculous, that you may find this account difficult to believe. First -- brace yourself -- I sent a document from a computer to an inkjet printer. Second -- are...David Pogue State of the Art column revisits Bluetooth, technology that allows components to communicate without cables; first available about three years ago, it did not live up to hype, taking longer time to come to market than anticipated and not communicating properly; new generation appears to have kinks worked out, creating almost seamless interface among components; drawing; chart illustrates interfaces between appliances; sampling of components tested (M)IT is one of the paradoxes of the computer age that the object that users spend the most time looking at, the monitor, is often the most overlooked.    But how a monitor is set up and adjusted is important because it can have an impact on both you...Paradox of computer age is that users spend most time looking at monitor, but it is frequently overlooked component; setup and adjustment are key in terms of effect on eyes as well as electric bill; advice on adjusting resolution, fonts and other features for maximum comfort; photos (M)  DAYS OF WONDER   New and Selected Poems.   By Grace Schulman.   189 pp. Boston:   Houghton Mifflin Company. $25.  Wyatt Prunty reviews book Days of Wonder: New and Selected Poems by Grace Schulman (M)Jay Chiat, who died last month at the age of 70, was a co-founder of Chiat/Day, best known for designing memorable ad campaigns for Apple computers, Nike sneakers and Energizer bunnies -- er, batteries. But he once described himself as a frustrate...Photos of Los Angeles office of ad agency TBWA/Chiat/Day, designed by Frank Gehry for late Jay Chiat (Currents: California)IN recent years Sage has been a hot-button restaurant name. But Rosemary and Sage in Old Saybrook has carried this a step further. What next? Rosemary, Sage and Coriander?     Actually, what makes this charming new arrival (ensconced in the former...Patricia Brooks reviews Rosemary and Sage restaurant Old Saybrook, Conn (M)"