b"IT is made from bony, spotty, spiny little fish, each one uglier than the last, creatures that cooks in many places disdain as trash. It was originally a product of peasant thriftiness, created by fishermen as a cheap way to feed themselves and th...R W Apple on article on bouillabaisse prepared as it is prepared at restaurants in and around Marseille; recipes; photos (M)Mexico's economic minister, Luis Ernesto Derbez, said the government would impose a 40 percent tariff on fresh apples imported from the United States because American growers were selling the fruit at unfairly low prices, hurting Mexican growers. ...Mexican government will impose 40 percent tariff on fresh American apples, charging they sell at unfairly low prices, hurting Mexican growers; Mexico accounts for about 30 percent of American apple exports (S)Q.  When you are buying a computer for home use, does it matter if the machine has a Celeron or a Pentium processor? What's the difference?    A.  The Intel Corporation makes both the Pentium-class and Celeron processor chips, but the chips were o...IN certain circles, sauvignon blanc has replaced chardonnay as the standard cocktail party wine. On one hand, this is a good thing. A very good thing, in fact, because chardonnay is often such an awful choice. If it's flabby and banal, then its su...Amanda Hesser article recommends serving crab salad with sauvignon blancs from New Zealand and South Africa; recipe (M)Fumio Yoshimura, a sculptor known for his highly detailed wooden replicas of plants, machines and a variety of everyday objects, died on July 23 in Manhattan, where he lived. He was 76.    The cause was complications from pancreatic cancer, his wi...Fumio Yoshimura, sculptor, dies at age 76 (M)THE gustatory gold of Tuscany is hidden behind a tumultuous waterfall inside the glitzy interior of the Mohegan Sun Casino in Uncasville.    Tuscany, the latest in the handiwork of the Boston chef Todd English, is his second establishment in Conne...Patricia Brooks reviews Tuscany restaurant at Mohegan Sun Casino in Uncasville, Conn (M)SOFT gummy materials top the latest bar stools, chairs and loungers. Often they look and feel more like Jujubes than pieces of furniture. Even though the forms here are modern, they depart from the hard edges of midcentury modern design. ''I don't...Soft gummy materials are new trend in furniture; photos (S)THE Kitchen at Greenport specializes in Sunday-after-church cooking. Its meatloaf, pot roast, fried chicken, ribs and roast beef hark back to the simple fare of the farmers and fishermen who first settled the North Fork. This new spot, at 74825 Ro...Richard Jay Scholem reviews Kitchen at Greenport restaurant in Greenport, Long Island (A La Carte column) (M)"