b"Apple Computer reported on Wednesday fourth-quarter results that exceeded analysts' estimates. Those results were driven by a surge in sales of the iPod music player and Apple's newest generation of desktop computers.    The company, based in Cupe...Apple Computer reports net profit of $44 million in its fourth quarter ended Sept 27 compared with loss of $45 million year earlier; revenue was $1.715 billion, up 19 percent; Apple shipped 336,000 iPods during quarter, up 140 percent from fourth quarter last year, and 787,000 Macintosh personal computers, increase of 7 percent (M)Striking an alliance with America Online and a promotional agreement with PepsiCo, Apple Computer introduced its iTunes software for Windows computers on Thursday in an effort to capture a larger share of the market for downloading digital music. ...Apple Computer, striking alliance with America Online and promotional agreement with PepsiCo, introduces iTunes software for Windows computers in effort to capture larger share of market for downloading digital music; Apple's chief executive Steve Jobs says company has sold 1.4 million iPod music players since product was introduced in March 2002, giving Apple 31 percent share of MP3 music-player market (M)Apple Computer's technical support for the makers of accessories for its popular iPod music player has led to the creation of dozens of compatible products.      Protective cases can be found in a variety of materials, including rubberized fabric ...Summary of accessories available for Apple Computer's popular iPod music player (M)HIGHLIGHTS    MUSIC: POLAR PRIZES -- B. B. King and Gyorgy Ligeti were named winners yesterday of the Polar Music Prize, awarded by the Royal Swedish Academy and sometimes called the unofficial Nobel Prize for music. ''King's total dedication to h...Arts Briefing column: B B King and Gyorgy Ligeti are named winners of Royal Swedish Academy's Polar Music Prize; rocker Ozzy Osbourne, dealing with effects of medication to counteract tremors, postpones European tour; Apple Corps announces it has no plans to make Beatles music available online; photo (M)Napster, the Internet service that made downloading songs addictive, has emerged from legal limbo, and this time it comes with authorized hardware, courtesy of Samsung Electronics. Just as the iTunes Music Store is intended to foster a relationshi...Samsung Electronics introduces digital jukebox with 20-gigabyte hard drive, meant to work closely with music service Napster; photo (M)LIKE the herds of ever-smaller personal cassette players that roamed the earth in the 1980's, droves of tiny devices that play music in digital form are peeking out from pockets, purses, briefcases and backpacks everywhere you turn these days.    ...Article deconstructs audio digital music players, explaining various formats, necessary software and available features; photo (M)Time Warner is inching closer to a deal to sell control of its Warner Music division to EMI for about $1 billion in cash, but the proposed arrangement is testing the loyalties of the division's chairman, Roger Ames.    For Time Warner, the sale wo...Time Warner is inching closer to deal to sell control of its Warner Music division to EMI, disrupting division chairman Roger Ames's hopes of merging division with BMG to form new industry giant under his direction; his associates say EMI deal would probably lead to his departure; his future is bound up in larger debate about whether music industry will ever recover from its troubles with online piracy and falling CD sales and complicated by his past clashes with EMI Music chief executive Alain Levy (M)Universal Music to Revamp And Cut 11% of Work Force  The Universal Music Group, the largest music company in the world, is expected to announce a restructuring today that will eliminate 11 percent of its work force.    Over the next several months...Bringing more competition to the snowbird route, USA 3000 Airlines, a low-fare carrier, has begun service to St. Petersburg, Fla., from seven northern cities.     The airline began flying to St. Petersburg from Chicago, Cleveland and Newark on Oct...USA 3000 Airlines begins low-cost service between St Petersburg, Fla, and several other US cities (M)Stocks declined slightly yesterday as third-quarter results from companies like General Motors failed to reassure some investors that profit growth in future quarters would meet estimates.     Investors are ''going to need an exceptional surprise ...Standard & Poor's 500-stock index falls 2.72 points, or 0.3 percent, to 1,046.76; Dow Jones industrial average drops 9.93 points, or 0.1 percent, to 9,803.05; Nasdaq composite index loses 4.09 points, or 0.2 percent, to 1,939.10; graph; chart (M)"