b"ALMOST 20 years ago, when we were living in London, my wife, Betsey, and I bought and restored a stone cottage in Lechlade, a village in the Cotswolds. For a year or two, it was a weekend place; since then we have used it mainly for vacations. Gra...R W Apple Jr travel article on Lechlade and other picturesque villages in England's Cotswolds; photos (L)IT is enough to daunt all but the most gluttonous of gastronomes.    Right by the door stand piles of rice from several different provinces, some with large grains, some with small grains, some darker, some lighter, each with a wholly different ar...R W Apple Jr surveys restaurant scene in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, reporting that restaurant cooking of real excellence has evolved in last 10 years, and particulary in last three, with bright young chefs innovating and adapting like their their brethren in other major Asian capitals; photos (L)CAN Tom Ridge keep the homeland safe for Internet surfing?     I started wondering last week after I got a call from a woman I did not know. She claimed my computer was sending hers a bunch of virus-infected messages. I did not do it -- honest.   David Strom column holds Homeland Security Department, which issued timely warning to security professionals about recent computer virus, can play only limited role in fighting cyberattacks or even cyberterrorism; cites protective steps to be taken by software vendors, Internet access providers, corporate network administrators and home computer users; drawing (M)THREE whites show why 20-year-old Paumanok Vineyards is closing in on the W\xc3\xb6lffer Estate for the title of Long Island's best all-around winery.     Paumanok's 2002 chenin blanc, 2002 Festival chardonnay and 2001 barrel-fermented chardonnay are cla...FOR most of its short life, the restaurant now called 325 Spring Street has been a setting in search of an idea. The building, formerly a United Parcel Service depot, has a sleek, low-slung industrial look, which translated easily into a cool, cas...William Grimes reviews 325 Spring Street, streamlined American brasserie in Greenwich Village; photo (M)TRIANGLE:  The Fire That Changed America  By David Von Drehle  Atlantic Monthly Press  ($25, hardcover)       The cutting table closest to the Greene Street windows belonged to Isidore Abramowitz. At closing time, his assistants had just finished ...Excerpts from new books set in New York City: Triangle: The Fire That Changed America by David Von Drehle, Metropolis Found: New York Is Book Country 25th Anniversary Collection, After the Ball: Gilded Age Secrets, Boardroom Betrayals, and the Party That Ignited the Great Wall Street Scandal of 1905 by Patricia Beard and Where'd You Get Those? New York City's Sneaker Culture: 1960-1987 by Bobbito Garcia; photos (M) Facts, Wild And Woolly      This weekend the Bronx Zoo is celebrating a creature that loves to frolic in the water. But this species isn't naturally aquatic: no flippers, no fins, no feathers. You could call it a swimmer of a different stripe.  Laurel Graeber Family Fare column discusses Tiger Tales and Myths Weekend at Bronx Zoo, Big Apple Anime Fest 2003, celebration of Japanese-style animation, in Times Square and 11th Annual Tugboat Festival at Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum (M)AMONG gardeners, there is a dark joke about which plants make the best gifts for pesky neighbors and annoying acquaintances. Although I've yet to play this game, I've been tempted. Topping the gift list are plants with runaway metabolism, affectio...INVESTORS have long been accustomed to the variety of benchmarks for the stock market, and to relatively minor differences in their returns.    But the differences in recent years have been ''some of the most extreme ever seen,'' according to Jay ...Mark Hulbert column four ways of devising stock market index, noting each one's advantages and disadvantages; graph (M)AMONG gardeners, there is a dark joke about which plants make the best gifts for pesky neighbors and annoying acquaintances. Although I've yet to play this game, I've been tempted. Topping the gift list are plants with run-away metabolism, affecti...Suzy Bales Cuttings column on seemingly innocuous plants like morning glories and mint that seed and germinate in great numbers and make pefect gifts for pesky neighbors; drawing (M)"