b"This is the story of two apples that live just across the street from each other.    One apple, the Winesap, grew up in upstate New York and is on sale, alongside more than 90 other apple varieties, at the Union Square Greenmarket.   Op-Ed article by Dan Barber, owner of Blue Hill restaurant, tells of Winesap apples grown in upstate New York and sold at New York's Greenmarket, and Granny Smiths from South Africa, sold at nearby fruit cart; urges fellow New Yorkers to buy local fruit from familiy-run orchards that are woven into fabric of their communities (M)THESE next five or six preholiday weeks are the times that try wine lovers' souls.    What, we ask ourselves every year, should we drink with the festive bird or beast? It is a question many of us are called upon to answer repeatedly -- first befo...R W Apple Jr comments on variety of wines to choose from during coming holiday season (M)Taking the D\xc3\xa9j\xc3\xa0 Vu View Of the Occupation in Iraq      IN 1945, Allen W. Dulles, the head of the Office of Strategic Services, gave a briefing on the German occupation. In its latest issue, Foreign Affairs magazine reprinted what Dulles said, noti...Reading File column quotes: Allen W Dulles's 1945 briefing on great difficulty of rebuilding Germany, as reprinted by Foreign Affairs magazine in light of Iraq occupation; Leander Kahney comment in Wired News suggesting that Apple's iTunes software is creating new form of bigotry on campus; Colin McGinn's article in Think magazine on Matrix movies; photo (S)Q. My three-year-old PC with Windows XP Professional and 128 megabytes of memory runs very slowly. Do I need to add more RAM to make it work better?    A. Many factors can slow a computer, from a fragmented hard disk to spyware to insufficient mem...The relationship between online music and high-speed Internet access just got a little closer. Comcast Cable, the biggest provider of broadband Internet services, is set to announce today that it will offer the Rhapsody online music service from R...Comcast Cable to offer RealNetworks's Rhapsody online music service to its nearly 5 million broadband Internet service subscribers; Rhapsody subscribers pay monthy fee to select songs to be played through their Internet connection and pay extra to download specific songs (M)I.B.M. plans to introduce a dishwasher-size prototype supercomputer on Friday that the company says will also have broad uses in high-capacity corporate data centers in the future.      The machine, Blue Gene/L, will be ranked as the 73rd-fastest ...IBM plans to introduce dishwasher-size prototype supercomputer that company says will also have broad uses in high-capacity corporate data centers in future; machine, Blue Gene/L, will be ranked as 73d-fastest computer in world when new listing of 500 fastest computers appears on Nov 16 at Supercomputer Conference, San Francisco; will be air-cooled, as opposed to many high-performance machines that use water and refrigeration, and it will use no more power than average home (M)Before becoming a cider maker in Normandy, Eric Bordelet was a sommelier at Arp\xc3\xa8ge in Paris. His golden 2001 Sydre ''Argelette,'' a biodynamic dry sparkling cider, can accompany Thanksgiving dinner from aperitif to dessert. Richly tangy and supple...Howard Goldberg reviews Eric Bordelet's 2001 Sydre 'Argelette' sparking cider (S) To the Editor:    Re ''The Big Apple Circus,'' by Dan Barber (Op-Ed, Nov. 12):    I was visiting my son at Bard College in the Hudson River Valley last week and bought some ''farm fresh'' New York apples at a stand.  William Wong letter agrees with Dan Barber Nov 12 Op-Ed article about importance of supporting local farmers; drawingASIATE in the Mandarin Oriental New York hotel is the first restaurant to open in the Time Warner Center at Columbus Circle. The chef, NORI SUGIE , left, is from Japan but has worked in France and Australia and with Charlie Trotter in Chicago. He ...Asiate in Mandarin Oriental, New York, is first restaurant to open in Time Warner Center at Columbus Circle; photo of Nori Sugie, chef (S)I KNOW it's un-American to say so, but I'm not a big fan of apple pie. I especially dislike the two-crust variety, in which the apples steam in their own juices, becoming apple chunks in their juice at best -- and hard, undercooked chunks at worst...Mark Bittman column on making caramelized apples; recipe (M)"