b"FOR the first 30 seconds of his recent video ''Pimp,'' the rapper 50 Cent lovingly caresses an iPod portable digital music player as three scantily clad women lovingly caress him. The rapper and the women are dressed all in white, a perfect match ...ALONG with the Dick Tracy wrist phone and the transporter in ''Star Trek,'' the videophone has long been on the wish lists of Jetsons-watching gadget lovers. And while there are a few videophone options available today that are not altogether clun...Article offers primer on creating videophone-type communication using PC with high-speed connection, Webcam and software; setup and installation explained; photos (M)An article in Circuits on Thursday about conducting video chats on the Web misstated the software needs at one point. As noted later in the article, the Apple video-chat system includes a camera that can simply be plugged in; unlike the other came...Correction: Sept 4 article on conducting online video chats misstated software needs at one pointUTHE Internet has the power to bring the world -- good and bad -- into your home, but you probably don't want the world roaming through your home. A great deal of software is available to protect your PC and all your personal data, but deciding wha...Roundup of computer antivirus and security software (M)The Campbell Apartment in Grand Central Terminal specializes in classic cocktails, some from the 1920's and 30's. At the small bar it has opened in a former taxi stand at the entrance to the station at 43rd Street and Vanderbilt Avenue, it has com...BEHIND football and baseball, leaf watching is perhaps the most popular fall spectator sport, but it involves jostling for prime viewing position. And with each passing autumn, those with Internet connections have an increasing edge over their unw...Bob Tedeschi Cyber Scout column on Web sites that help travelers keep abreast of fall foliage season; photo (M)Battered by online piracy, the Universal Music Group, the world's largest record company, said yesterday that it would cut prices on compact discs by as much as 30 percent in an aggressive attempt to lure consumers back into record stores.    The ...Universal Music Group will cut prices on compact discs by as much as 30 percent in aggressive attempt to lure consumers back into record stores; deep price cuts represent gamble by Universal that more consumers will buy more CD's once price dips below $13; also reflects profound degree to which Internet file-trading has managed to undermine music business; Universal chairman Doug Morris says company is in middle of terrible situation where music is being stolen; Universal will lower its wholesale price on CD to $9.09 from $12.02; expects retail stores to lower CD prices to $12.98, from $16.98 to $18.98 they now charge, and perhaps to as low as $10; photo (M)To the Editor:    Goose bumps rising, emotional pangs returning, I read R. W. Apple Jr.'s story about Vietnam's culinary expertise (''At Ease in Vietnam, Asia's New Culinary Star,'' Aug. 27). After reading his earlier article about Hanoi's culinar...''Where's the Party Yaar?'' is a scruffy independent feature that carries on the tradition of the immigrant comedy, a form born early in the last century when waves of Jews, Italians, Irish and Germans arrived on these shores just as the new mediu...Dave Kehr reviews movie Where's The Party Yaar?, directed by Benny Mathews; Kal Penn and Sunil Malhotra star (M)With the 2003 Saratoga meeting come and gone, New York racing has moved back to the big city for the 38-day fall meeting at Belmont. The stands won't be nearly as full, the betting handle won't be quite as big and the atmosphere won't be as festiv...Mineshaft could win Horse of Year title with win at Woodward Stakes (M)"