b'ROBB BEAL, a software engineer, had a mission: to unite a broad range of Internet information and services behind a single interface. For years that interface has been based on the metaphor of a desktop, a throwback to the personal computer\'s begi...Robb Beal creates computer interface that unites broad range of Intenet information and services; system is called Spring; it facilitates communication between people and human-computer interaction by focusing user on representative icons of people, places and things that can be connected; photo (M)Q. With heightened privacy awareness, I am concerned that in downloading tax form updates, my tax-preparation software (or another self-updating program like Windows) will try to send personal information from my computer to the company. My firewa... To the Editor:   Thank you for Lisa Suhay\'s brave piece ("Terror Every Day," Soapbox, Feb. 16).  Rachael Carnes letter praises Lisa Suhay\'s February 16 article on living with mentally ill family members To the Editor:    Re \'\'A Doctor\'s Bonus Could Also Help the Patients\'\' (Money & Medicine, Feb. 16), in which Michelle Andrews described the use of performance incentives for doctors who successfully help patients manage chronic illnesses:  Geoff Rytell letter on Feb 16 article lauds use of performance incentives for doctors who successfully help patients manage chronic illnesses; drawingINGALLS-Roscoe C. Jr. (Rocky), 1920 - 2003, died peacefully in Antigua, WI, on February 14, 2003. He was a resident of Bronxville, NY. As a graduate of Bowdoin College (\'43, BS), Brunswick, ME, he subsequently attended the Naval Academy at Annapol...LOOKS can be deceiving. What you see is not necessarily what you get at Seed, a hot new American restaurant at 25 North Middle Neck Road in Great Neck (516-773-3690).    Seed is a slick, sophisticated spot that looks more expensive than it is, wit...Richard Jay Scholem reviews Seed restaurant in Great Neck, NY; photo (A La Carte column) (M)You\'ll find more than good wine in two Lieb Family Cellars releases. You\'ll find good sense and good prices.    The 2001 pinot blanc reserve and 2001 chardonnay, under a new second label, Bridge Lane, offer no impediments to foodies who want wine ...Howard Goldberg reviews 2001 pinot blanc reserve and 2001 chardonnay from Lieb Family Cellars; photo (Long Island Vines column) (M)As Turkey\'s leaders agonize over a momentous decision on Iraq, the regulars here at Workingman\'s Tea House say they made up their minds a long time ago.     Between shifts in the trucking business that offers a livelihood to many of the 11,000 inh...I AM not, as a rule, one of those ladies who lunch, but in the depths of winter I booked reservations for lunch at not one but all four of the Culinary Institute of America\'s restaurants in Hyde Park, an hour\'s drive north of Westchester County. T...Article on Culinary Institute of America in Hyde Park, NY; institute, which opened in 1972 in former Jesuit seminary, St Andrew-on-Hudson, offers associate and bachelor\'s degrees; brief reviews of the institute\'s various restaurants; photos (M)MY cutting garden is all over the place, from the tulips that bloom by the smokehouse door, to the overgrown lilacs and mock oranges by the kitchen window, to the butterfly bushes and fennel in the vegetable garden. But this year, I\'m expanding my...Anne Raver Cuttings column on perennial seeds available through catalogs and nurseries; drawing (M)'