b"Like a lot of music fans roaming the Internet these days, David Bishop registers one basic sentiment when he thinks about the record industry. ''They're a bunch of greedheads,'' he says. ''They've been really fat on what I think of as huge profits...Record industry executives who have focused on legal fight against file-sharing on Napster and KaZaA are starting to address music fans directly, using both incentives and threats to persuade consumers to buy their products again; Doug Morris of Universal says technology has destabilized industry but may also offer new ways for legally listening to and buying music online; photo; graph; Paul Vidich of Warner Music explains agreement with Apple Computer on file sharing by people under one roof, with radius of about 150 feet (M)The British public helped elect Jonathan Ive, above, as the Design Museum of London's first designer of the year. Mr. Ive, the vice president of industrial design at Apple Computers and the father of the iMac, left, was awarded $40,000. Alice Raws...Design Museum of London names Jonathan Ive, British-born father of Apple's iMac computer, designer of year; photos (S)Hardly a week goes by without another salvo in the music wars, which have been going on now for years. And week by week the shape of the struggle seems to change.    What set it all off was the emergence in 1999 of Napster, the file-swapping brain...Verlyn Klinkenborg Editorial Observer column says recording industry has been alienating young music lovers with its all-out war against music file-swapping, when it should be developing means by which they can purchase and download music over Internet; says new Apple music service, iTunes Music Store, should point way, especially when similar services spread to Windows platformEuropean competition regulators are seeking more evidence in their investigation of Microsoft, a move that is almost certain to delay further the five-year-old antitrust inquiry.    The European Commission sent a questionnaire to music and movie c...European competition regulators are seeking more evidence in their investigation of Microsoft, move that is almost certain to delay further five-year-old antitrust inquiry (M)Reuniting the pioneers who created the first successful hand-held computing device with the company they left in anger, Palm Inc. agreed today to acquire Handspring, which Palm's founders started as a rival five years ago.    Handspring's stock ro...Palm Inc agrees to acquire Handspring; stock deal will reunite Donna Dubinsky and Jeff Hawkins, pioneers who created first successful hand-held computing device, with Palm, company they left in anger to start Handspring; photos; graphs of hand-held industry data (M)The corporate armistice declared last week between Microsoft and AOL Time Warner reflected two companies moving from the past to the future.    The abandoned past included a last lingering vestige of the Internet browser wars of the 1990's, a priv...Analysis of corporate armistice between Microsoft and AOL Time Warner in light of Microsoft's accord to pay AOL $750 million to settle antitrust suit; focuses on provision that will let AOL license Microsoft's Windows Media software and key role such software will play in digital media (M)INSIDE the Waag, a former customs house and gallows that towers over the Nieuwmarkt here, the price of cappuccino continues to rise. Yet the wireless Internet access in the surrounding square is perfectly free.     As this public-access project an...Travelers heading abroad this summer with Wi-Fi equipped laptop will be able to log on at high speed, sometimes for free, in variety of places; but consumer is generally left to make sense of confusing array of providers to fit various needs; list of sites and operating system requirements noted; photo (M)To take the pulse of the American economy, you could do worse than go to Maynard, Mass., and toss questions at Jeff Taylor. As the chairman of the Internet job board known as Monster, Taylor has built a central hub for the world's job seekers and ...Jon Gertner article examines state of economy and labor market through 150-year-old building complex in Maynard, Mass, once home to mill and now home to 90 companies, many of them in technology sector; sees complex as microcosm, reflecting ups and downs of companies that have been housed there; at hub of building are huge databanks of Internet job search company Monster.com; photos (L)Q. Why is it that when I bite into an apple, I get a very dry puckering feeling, almost as if I had ingested a small amount of alum?    A. Chemicals called tannins dry the mouth and pucker the lips when a person bites into certain varieties of app...Q & A column explains how chemicals in apples may make your mouth pucker; cartoon (S)Steakhouses in New York come in every shape and size. Fairway, the supermarket, has come up with something new, a steakhouse grafted onto a grocery store, with a direct line of supply from the butcher counter downstairs to the Fairway Cafe upstair...William Grimes Diner's Journal review of Manhattan restuarant The Steakhouse at Fairway; photo (M)"