b"Apple Computer Inc., the maker of iMac personal computers, elected former Vice President Al Gore to its board yesterday. Mr. Gore, a Mac user, helped popularize the term ''information superhighway'' and fought to get federal funds to help build wh...Technology Briefing: Gore EThe chief executive of Apple Computer, Steven P. Jobs, will give up 22.5 million stock options after the company's board approved a plan to retire options made worthless by a drop in the stock's price. Mr. Jobs will exchange 27.5 million options f...Apple Computer chief executive Steven P Jobs will give up 22.5 million stock options after company's board approves plan to retire options made worthless by drop in stock's price; Jobs will exchange 27.5 million options for 5 million new ones that will allow him to buy shares in three years (S)R.W. Apple Jr. on the best spots to eat dim sum in Hong Kong.WHEN Victor Rehorst pulls out his oversize personal digital assistant, there is often someone with a question. ''They usually ask, what kind of a Palm is that?'' Mr. Rehorst said.     The answer is that Mr. Rehorst's computer is not a Palm at all....Apple stopped making Newton, which is larger than personal digital assistant and smaller than tablet computer, about five years ago, but devoted users cling to system and find ways of adapting it to more advanced technology; photo (M)ELEVEN o'clock Sunday morning, in the 25th-floor kitchen of the Mandarin Oriental hotel's Cantonese restaurant, Man Wah. Kong Tseuk Tong, 47, dressed in the white tunic and checked trousers worn by chefs around the world, stands at an immaculate s...R W Apple Jr reports on pleasures of eating dim sum in Hong Kong; says Hong Kong is obsessed with dim sum and no place else comes close to offering dim sum of equal excellence and variety; photos (L)YOU'VE got to admit that Centrino is a great product name. Its overtones suggest something that's simultaneously scientific, upscale and Italian -- like a subatomic particle, a trendy restaurant and a resort near Sicily, all rolled into one.    Bu...David Pogue State of the Art column describes Centrino, new microprocessor designed specifically for laptops; chip increases speed yet extends battery life; chart compares features and prices of various models with new chip; drawing (M)THE concept for the Flying Pig Caf\xc3\xa9 is a good one  organic produce paired with meat and poultry from Hudson Valley farms -- on a new-American menu in an old train depot. With exposed brickwork and cavernous ceilings, weekend poetry readings and li...Claudia Rowe reviews Flying Pig Cafe in Mount Kisco, NY; photos (M)DEEP down, a tiger, even a Siberian tiger, must be a pussycat.    How else to explain the fearlessness Jamie Viezbicke claims to feel as she tends her tigers at the Bronx Zoo?   Public Lives profile of Jamie Viezbicke, tiger keeper at Bronx Zoo; photo (M)HITCHHIKING the back roads of Switzerland one day in 1962, I came across a valley where bottles grew on trees. The orchard fruits sparkled in the brilliant mountain sunlight as I paused by the roadside in puzzlement.    ''That's the way we get the...Westford Hill Distillers in Ashford, Conn, is one of growing group of artisanal distillers in US, specializing in fruit brandies; or eaux de vie; photos (M)The confused scene today on the outskirts of Basra, the largest city in southern Iraq, typified the allied campaign so far: general retreat by the Iraqis with groups of fierce holdouts, suggesting that the American and British advance, for all its...Confused scene on outskirts of Basra, largest city in southern Iraq, suggests that American and British advance, for all its initial successes, will face determined combat later on; so many Iraqi soldiers surrender so quickly that American marines hardly know what to do with them; but many others choose to stand and fight; American commanders say their forces are not likely to enter Basra, where they might face street fighting, unless Iraqi security forces and other loyalists of Saddam Hussein try to strike first; photos (M)"