b"Steven Jobs, chief executive of Apple Computer, unveiled a new alliance with I.B.M. today that will install a powerful I.B.M.-designed 64-bit microprocessor chip on Apple computers. The move is a bid to stay innovative and independent in a computi...Apple Computer chief executive Steven Jobs unveils new alliance with IBM that will install powerful IBM-designed 64-bit microprocessor chip on Apple computers; analysts say introduction of new G5 chip is crucial to keeping Apple competitive with Intel Pentium-based personal computers and to jump-start sales of Apple's Macintosh personal computers, which have been relatively flat last two years; Jobs notes processor is also foundation for company's software developments that will be based on new version of its OS X operating system--called Panther--that Apple plans to begin selling for $129 before end of year; chart; photo (M)INSTANT messaging certainly has its charms. You and a conversation partner on the Internet type back and forth in a narrow window, your quips scrolling up the screen like a hastily written script. The fact that you can't see or hear the other pers...David Pogue State of the Art column describes how video and audio have changed popular chat programs now available in beta form from Microsoft and Apple; true to tradition, Microsoft focuses on expanded features, while Apple leans toward elegance and simplicity; hardware requirements noted; drawing; photo (M)THE titles on a shelf of cookbooks at the store on George Street in Edinburgh prepared me for the meals to come. ''Good Food,'' ''Simple Food,'' ''Classic Cooking,'' they read, which is precisely what many of Scotland's best restaurants are delive...R W Apple Jr article on new generation of chefs in Scotland, some of them originally from England, who are showing off Scotland's prized prime raw materials: Aberdeen Angus beef, game like pheasant, grouse and venison, salmon and turbot, scallops and langoustines from frigid waters of Atlantic and North Sea, and delicate strawberries, raspberries and black currants; photos (L)AT the new headquarters of the Computer History Museum in Silicon Valley, the ghosts of technologies past still roam the grounds.     One unoccupied room still contains dozens of worker cubicles left behind by the building's former occupant, Silic...Computer History Museum in Mountain View, Calif, contains 5,000 computer artifacts, and will gradually expand; several exhibits described; most of collection has been donated; photos (M)AT the new headquarters of the Computer History Museum in Silicon Valley, the ghosts of technologies past still roam the grounds.      One unoccupied room still contains dozens of worker cubicles left behind by the building's former occupant, Sili...INSTANT messaging certainly has its charms. You and a conversation partner on the Internet type back and forth in a narrow window, your quips scrolling up the screen like a hastily written script. The fact that you can't see or hear the other pers...Command Shortcuts    Q.What is a contextual menu? How does it differ from the regular menu bar at the top of the computer screen?    A.Menus -- lists of options, commands and controls -- are a common part of operating systems, like Microsoft Windo...Command Shortcuts    Q.What is a contextual menu? How does it differ from the regular menu bar at the top of the computer screen?    A.Menus -- lists of options, commands and controls -- are a common part of operating systems, like Microsoft Windo...AS anyone who has ever painted a room knows, the problem with color is that if it's off by even one shade, it's a disaster. It might as well be black.    So I got pretty excited last week after my friend Stephanie phoned me to say she ''got the pa...Michelle Slatalla Online Shopper column on buying paint online; many companies offer small samples, color charts, and even software so users can get exact color they are seeking; drawing (M)AS anyone who has ever painted a room knows, the problem with color is that if it's off by even one shade, it's a disaster. It might as well be black.     So I got pretty excited last week after my friend Stephanie phoned me to say she ''got the p..."