b"Some wireless devices are like rude houseguests, always interfering with other gadgets under the same roof. But Apple's new cordless keyboard and mouse are models of decorum, discreetly taking the measure of their environment and bending over back...Apple's new cordless keyboard and mouse work on Bluetooth wireless standard; they use technology known as adaptive freqency hopping, which excludes occupied channels, avoiding interference with other wireless devices in area; photo (M)The iPod from Apple Computer is a designer music player, and with the least expensive model running about $300, it has a designer price tag. To protect the player's sleek, scratchable exterior and the miniature hard-drive technology inside, Terfor...Terforma offers case for Apple iPod called iSleeve; photo (M)For decades tourists have been coming to the Mile High City and posing for pictures at precisely 5,283.03 feet above sea level. Perhaps now they would like to come back and get a shot at 5,280 feet, exactly one mile high.    It seems there was som...New technology changing how measurements are taken causes Colorado Gov Bill Owen to officially move mile-high marker on state Capitol's steps; other mile high markers around Denver noted; photo (M)YOU say farm-fresh tomatoes, I say store-bought tomatoes. Now Greenmarket advocates want to call the whole thing off.      The Duke Ellington Boulevard Neighborhood Association, a community group, has proposed a Greenmarket for a northwestern entr...Article on dispute over plan by Duke Ellington Boulevard Neighborhood Assn to open greenmarket at northwestern entrance of Central Park, known as Strangers Gate, near 106th Street and Central Park West; some residents welcome fresh produce while others predict congestion and adverse impact on local mom-and-pop shops; photo (M)JUST after midnight on a recent Thursday night, the crowd at La Suite grew so large that about 200 customers spilled out of the bar and into the dining room. Waiters pushed the tables and chairs against the wall. The mood was bubbly, the look Gucc...Christina Passariello reviews La Suite restaurant and lounge in Paris; photo (M)IF one can read a place by its dessert case, Lilly's on the Canal is a good study. Front and center, the impeccably clean glass case holds riches enough to confound any diner: A mountainous cake with layers of creamy white, frosted with abandon an...Karla Cook reviews Lilly's on the Canal restaurant in Lambertville, NJ; photo (M)Being an enthusiastic forager, I pulled my pickup truck off the logging road that leads to Dartmouth College's Second College Grant, a 42-square-mile chunk of wilderness in northeastern New Hampshire, and I spotted a tree laden with yellow apples ...Nelson Bryant Outdoors column discusses trout fishing on Dead Diamond River in New Hampshire; photo (M)Events    BLESSINGS OF THE ANIMALS, to celebrate the Feast of St. Francis, will take place at two locations on Sunday. At 11 a.m., the blessing is part of a celebration also featuring performances by Paul Winter and his Consort and the Forces of N...Listen! Among the sounds of traffic, barking dogs and children playing are strains of music being made. From sultry vocalists to rock 'n' roll bards, a host of musicians make Westchester their home. Several of them have recently released CD's.    ...Susan Hodara reviews new CD's by Vaneese Thomas, Nenad Bach, Joshua Pierce, Matt Turk, K J Denhert and Julia Douglass, singers and musicians who live in Westchester County, NY; photos (M)The clearest path toward understanding Lars von Trier, whose three-hour quasi-Christian allegory, ''Dogville,'' is certain to divide audiences into passionate champions and hissing naysayers, is to accept that he is a ruthless provocateur with a p...Stephen Holden reviews movie Dogville, written and directed by Lars von Trier, shown at New York Film Festival; Nicole Kidman and Stellan Skarsgard star; photo (M)"