b"THE reputation of the personal computer has taken a horrible hit this year. Viruses have made headlines week after week. Spam now exceeds 50 percent of all e-mail. Hackers and academics have uncovered one Windows security hole after another, turni...David Pogue State of the Art column comments on Apple's release of new Macintosh Operating System OS X 10.3; holds that new system, also called Panther, is stable, faster and better equipped and more secure than previous version and Microsoft Windows platforms; drawing (M)A home-brew supercomputer, assembled from off-the-shelf personal computers in just one month at a cost of slightly more than $5 million, is about to be ranked as one of the fastest machines in the world.    Word of the low-cost supercomputer, put ...Home-brew supercomputer, assembled from off-the-shelf personal computers in one month at cost of $5 million, is about to be ranked as one of fastest machines in world; word of low-cost supercomputer, put together by faculty, technicians and students at Virginia Polytechnic Institute, is shaking up esoteric world of high performance computing, where fastest machines have traditionally cost from $100 million to $200 million and taken several years to build; supercomputer, put together from 1,100 Apple Macintosh computers, has been successfully tested in recent days; supercomputer, which is powered by 2,200 IBM microprocessors, is able to compute 7.41 trillion operations per second; Srinidhi Varadarajan, leader of project, comments; photo (M)When these women dreamed of running away to join the circus, did they imagine they would be putting up the tent themselves?    The Big Apple Circus opens today at Damrosch Park at Lincoln Center, under a 52-foot-tall tent erected, in part, with wo...Photos showing women setting up Big Apple Circus tent and equipment in New York City's Damrosch ParkKERALA is a mere frond of a state, long and narrow, green and fertile -- 15,000 palm-sheltered square miles in southwest India, rimmed by mountains called the Western Ghats, washed by the Arabian Sea and laced by an idyllic tangle of lakes and str...R W Apple Jr article on travels in Kerala state, south India; says area was melting pot for adventurous traders resulting in blend of many world cuisines with abundant native spices that has yielded bright and vividly varied cuisine that is different from tandooris and curries of northern India; photos (L)Reasonably priced secure downloads. Compensation for writers and artists. Peaceful alliances between publishers and online distributors.      A utopian vision for the music industry? Perhaps. But that approach, which appears to be the goal of Appl...Audible, small company founded in 1995, downloads audio books and other spoken word offerings to subscribers via Internet over viable and secure delivery system that customers are willing to pay to use and that ensures compensation for authors and artists; has overcome daunting technological problems and financial troubles in process; backing of investors like Microsoft, Amazon and Bertelsmann has allowed Audible to survive era that destroyed many other digital startups; Donald R Katz, founder, comments; photo (M)He does not like people calling their products ''Gorby'' -- or ''Gorbachev,'' for that matter -- so the former Soviet president, Mikhail Gorbachev, is trademarking his name, his nickname and his distinctive forehead, with its ornate birthmark. He ...Former Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev trademarks his name, nickname and well-known birthmarked forhead to stop companies from using his image to sell their products without his permission (S)Like a state fair prizewinner, the Honeycrisp, a newcomer, dwarfs all other apples. It is selling for $1.50 to $2 a pound. That's one apple.  New variety of apple called Honeycrisp is one of best eating apples available, with firm, sweet flesh; photo (S)After a long nightmare on Wall Street, the latest profit figures from corporate America have been the stuff of investors' dreams.     Corporate earnings are set to have their best quarter since the spring of 2000, with initial estimates of a 21 pe...Latest profit figures from corporate America pump up investors' hopes, Market Place column; corporate earnings are set to have their best quarter since spring of 2000, up an estimated 21 percent over last year's third quarter; companies' bottom lines are helped by strong consumer spending, weakening dollar and further costcutting; question is whether this earnings performance can push stock market much higher after its eight-month rally; analysts expect earnings growth to be only about half as strong in first three quarters of next year, but many investors seem to be responding to latest company reports by buying stocks in same speculative way they did at end of 1990's (M)FOOD was certainly the No. 1 topic of conversation for the actress Maria Bello and her family last week. Ms. Bello lives in Los Angeles but was in New York for filming on ''Secret Windows, Secret Garden,'' a movie starring Johnny Depp based on a S...Article on dinner party hosted by movie actress Maria Bello; photos (M)NOT long ago, a stylish South American woman walked into Le Veau d'Or, a small French bistro near Bloomingdale's. She had not set foot in the place for 40 years, but looking around, all seemed in order. The d\xc3\xa9cor remained intact, with the painting...William Grimes Critic's Notebook on some of New York City's old restaurants that remain almost unchanged and continue to thrive despite undistinguished fare and unfavorable locations; names never appear in newspapers or magazines, yet they continue on, out of fashion and blissfully unaware; photos (M)"