b"LIKE Windows-based PC's, Macintosh computers -- at least those using the OS 9 operating system or earlier versions -- can be afflicted by memory malaise. Antidotes for the Mac can be tricky, though, depending on which operating system is involved....Free utilities are available to help Macintosh computers perform to optimum capability even if some memory is being used to manage extensions, small programs that may strain computer's available memory (M)CHRISTINA CORNISH-LAURIA was perplexed by a gradual but noticeable decline in her computer's performance. Ms. Cornish-Lauria, the executive director of a nonprofit group, regularly ran one utility that defragmented the hard drive and another that ...Background applets are tiny utilities that can slow PC's processing speed while contributing to spontaneous lockups; they are routinely installed by drivers and adapters for software or peripherals to make applications run more quickly and smoothly; process of uninstalling unnecessary applets described; several tools and utilities for doing job noted; drawing (M)Watching Microsoft be sued -- by the federal government, states, class-action plaintiffs and aggrieved rivals -- has become a common pastime in the computer industry. The enjoyment of the industry spectators is usually all the greater if the world...Internet software companies and big commercial Web sites are anxious about changes that Microsoft Corp says it will have to make in its Internet browsing software to comply with jury finding that it infringed on work done by Michael Doyle while he was adjunct professor at University of California at San Francisco; technology enables browser to summon programs automatically over Internet and was not only used by Microsoft in its Explorer software, but has also become standard feature in software for coding Web pages, so-called hypertext markup language, that has been ratified by World Wide Web Consortium, leading Web standards organization; all remedies proposed by Microsoft would require some adjustments from companies, but should not affect ordinary PC users significantly (M)Despite the lawsuits filed last week against 261 people accused of illicitly distributing music over the Internet, millions of others continue to copy and share songs without paying for them.    Last week, more than four million Americans used KaZ...Millions of people continue to copy and share songs over Internet without paying for them, undeterred by lawsuits filed last week against 261 people; KaZaA, most popular file-sharing software, was used by only 5 percent fewer Americans after suits were filed than in week before, although number of Americans using KaZaA from home has dropped total of 15 percent since last June, when record industry announced its plans to sue; barrage of lawsuits has highlighted stark break between legal status of file sharing in United States and apparent cultural consensus on its morality; New York Times/CBS News poll conducted this week finds only 36 percent of those responding say file swapping is never acceptable; persistent lack of guilt over online copying suggests that record industry's antipiracy campaign is only beginning of difficult process of persuading large numbers of people to buy music again; Mitch Bainwol, chairman of Recording Industry Assn of America, which brought suits, acknowledges that shifting attitudes will be next battle; concedes focus is more on containing file swapping than wiping it out; photo; charts (L)''WHY type? Just talk,'' says one Web site. ''What took hours now takes minutes!'' Another says: ''No need for smileys, since you can easily convey humor, laughter and other emotions in voice e-mail! Voice e-mail is more real, more personal, more ...David Pogue State of the Art column on advantages and disadvantages of voice e-mail; assesses available programs; drawing; photos (M)With autumn on the horizon, Forage Organic Apple Glaze, a new import from New Zealand, is a must for the pantry. Blending a variety of organic apples gives the syrupy glaze a complex tart sweetness. It adds a glossy, flavorful finish to roasted po...Forage Organic Apple Glaze is being imported from New Zealand; photo (S) To the Editor:    The real issue with the music business (editorial, Sept. 12) is far more profound than the pirating of songs.   David Schwartz letter on Sept 12 editorial says Internet may allow artists to break stranglehold of record distribution groups, Sony, Warner, Polygram and BMG, which receive about 90 percent of revenue from record salesHow many footsteps would it take to burn off the calories in a supersize Big Mac value meal? Bob Greene, Oprah Winfrey's personal trainer, may soon have the answer.    Mr. Greene, who helped Ms. Winfrey lose weight again and again, has pledged to ...McDonald's Corp hires Bob Greene, Oprah Winfrey's personal trainer, to promote Go Active Meal, $4.99 adult version of Happy Meal, which has salad and bottle of water or medium fountain drink; meal includes clip-on pedometer, to encourage customers to increase daily walking, and 10-page booklet with exercise tips from Greene; meal is part of pilot program in several Indiana cities; photo (M)THE SUBSTANCE OF STYLE  How the Rise of Aesthetic Value Is Remaking Commerce, Culture and Consciousness.  By Virginia Postrel.  HarperCollins, $24.95.     TWO weeks ago, my hands stopped working, the result of too many hours spent at a laptop. Pro...Penelope Green reviews book The Substance of Style: How the Rise of Aesthetic Value Is Remaking Commerce, Culture and Consciousness by Virginia Postrel; photo (M)THEY banished soda from school vending machines, calling it nothing but empty calories and tooth-rotting sugar. They brought in Snapple with the promise of healthier, all-juice drinks for students -- and $8 million a year to city school coffers.  ...New York City officials, who banned soda from school vending machines and gave contract to Snapple, with promise of healthier, all-juice drinks for students, now find that new Snapple drinks have even more calories and sugar than soda and are marginally better than soda only because Snapple has added vitamins and trace amounts of other nutrients; as part of five-year $166 million deal that made Snapple New York City's official beverage, company won right to sell these new all-juice blends, called Snapple 100% Juiced! and bottled water in public school vending machines; photos (L)"