b"ONE Friday night in March 1978, an American couple opened a small hotel, lost amid the hills, hedgerows and twisting lanes of Devon, in southwestern England. It was a four-hour expedition by train or car from London.    Equipped only with high hop...R W Apple Jr reports on his visit to Gidleigh Park, hotel and restaurant in Chagford, Devon, in southwest England; Gidleigh Park has earned two stars in Michelin red guide; it is run by American couple, Paul and Kay Henderson; photos (M)Dell Computer will offer its laptop customers wireless network cards from Intel and the Broadcom Corporation, a chip maker, in its overhauled Latitude and Inspiron computers. The Latitude D series, which Dell is expected to announce today, will in...Technology Briefing: Dell To OfQ. My old laptop works fine, but its battery can barely hold a charge. Is it possible to upgrade to one of the newer batteries, like lithium ion, that are supposed to last longer between charges?    A. Over the years several types of batteries hav...Piccolo's, a Hoboken spot once famous as a clam bar, has not served clams since 1968, but still it lives. Other Italian businesses may have closed and Piccolo's may be the last tiny business venture on a block now full of multistory buildings, but...Gretchen Kurtz reviews Piccolo's restaurant in Hoboken, NJ (M)MARINGER-Irene. 90, of Ft. Lauderdale, died on Thursday, March 13, 2003. Mrs. Maringer, formerly of New York City, moved to Ft. Lauderdale 27 years ago with her late husband, Simon Maringer, M.D. She was born in Hungary in 1913 into a family that ...Paul Taylor Dance Company  City Center      One of the great pleasures of the program presented by the Paul Taylor Dance Company on Saturday night at City Center was the sound of unquenchable giggles and guffaws welling up from the audience as Mr....Jennifer Dunning reviews Paul Taylor Dance Company performance at City Center; photo (S)Cooking Classes in Paris    Q. I would like to take an afternoon or evening cooking class when I visit Paris this spring. I do not speak or understand French very well, so a class in English would be a plus. Can you suggest a few possibilities? --...As a welcome to a town with the red, white and blue walls of Buddy's drive-in diner, the slapped-up, steel-skinned service shops of long-ago booms and the horizon of grasshopper-like pumping jacks silently sucking up West Texas crude, the banner a...Residents of Andrews, Tex, heart of Bush country, have views of war with Iraq that run gamut of national opinion; for every unswerving proponent of war, there is a foe or equivocator; photos (M)THERE is nothing like spending a few days with some hard-core plant lovers down in southwestern North Carolina, among flowering camellias and witch hazels, snowdrops and daffodils, to arouse slumbering plant lust. I had been looking out at snow fo...Anne Raver Cuttings column on viburnum and other hardy, blooming shrubs that are coming back into vogue; photos (M)Kathy Kirkpatrick will do almost anything to make her 7-year-old daughter, Tammy, eat a healthy dinner. When Tammy was an infant, Ms. Kirkpatrick would put green food dye in her eggs because Tammy liked the color. More recently, she bought green k...Growing number of food makers are developing new products for evening meal that are mix of adult-pleasing convenience and child-pleasing shock value; Ragu, division of Unilever's Best Foods, recently released Ragu Express, line of pasta dishes in single-serve, containers that children can prepare in microwave; ConAgra has updated Kid Cuisine; Robert Rothschild Farm has new line of jellies for dinner rolls and Eastern Foods line of neon-colored salad dressings aimed at children; Mintel Consumer Intelligence says children help influence from $43 billion to $50 billion of $133 billion that is spent each year on food and beverages for them; photos (M)"