b" To the Editor: We were both amused and astonished by ''A Newly Burnished Bordeaux'' (Nov. 24), R. W. Apple Jr.'s glowing report on Bordeaux.  Pat and Dick Parran letter on R W Apple Jr's November 24 travel article on Bordeaux, France, recalls traffic problems caused by mass transit system construction; Deputy Mayor Michel Duchene respondsIn Normandy, people mix Calvados and apple juice and call it pommeau. Now, Manoir d'Apreval, a producer near Honfleur, France, is bottling a blend of one-third Calvados and two-thirds apple juice that has been aged in oak for five years. The resul...Manoir d'Apreval is bottling blend of one-third Calvados apple liqueur and two-thirds apple juice; it is suggested as aperitif or dessert wine; photo (S)IN the back of a closet sits my first computer, an Osborne 1 luggable, purchased in 1982 for $1,780. I could no more bring myself to part with that ugly machine, the size of a sewing machine, than I could forget the codes for the program it ran (W...Comment on appeal of early, vintage computers to collectors and others; photo (M)Snowboarders can be wired for sound on the slopes with the new electronic Burton Amp jacket. Released last week, the limited edition jacket ($499 at www.apple.com) is compatible with any Apple iPod and has a control panel built into the left sleev...Limited edition Burton Amp ski jacket is compatible with Apple iPod and has control panel built into sleeve; photo (Pulse column) (M)THE would-be governance revolution of a decade ago had its casualties. Men who rose to the very top of the very top companies in the United States were suddenly -- and very publicly -- jobless. For most of them, however, being toppled from their t...Article traces current occupations of former chief executives unseated during ostensible revolution in corporate governance of early 1990's; many are still managers; photo (M)A BOX OF MATCHES  By Nicholson Baker  178 pages. Random House. $19.95.       Remember that American Express commercial a few years back in which Jerry Seinfeld demonstrated his ''perfect pump'' technique by making the self-serve pump stop exactly ...Michiko Kakutani reviews book A Box of Matches by Nicholson Baker; photo (M)MIDORI, in Oyster Bay, is almost invisible, which makes discovering it especially exciting. Hidden away behind the spotless Green Wagon Market, Midori, at 267 Pine Hollow Road (516-922-8070), is one of Long Island's better Japanese eating places. ...Richard Jay Scholem reviews Midori restaurant in Oyster Bay, NY (A La Carte column) (M)EXACTLY 10 years ago today, I.B.M. announced that John F. Akers, its chairman and chief executive, would soon leave. Institutional investors, furious at the company's gigantic losses and stunning decline in value, had for months clamored for his h...Ten years after start of what was thought to be new era in which corporate boards of directors would begin acting solely in interests of shareholders and oust poor performing chief executives, corporate governance revolution of 1993 seems to have failed; blue-chip corporations promised then that boards would act to insure profitability and remove incompetence and criminality among top executives; research group Corporate Library will begin rating boards of directors like bonds, from 'junk' to 'triple-A'; photos (M)IN 1973, when Garth Clark arrived in London from South Africa to take a graduate degree in ceramics at the Royal College of Art, he discovered Claes Oldenburg's porcelain bicycle seats ''all over the place.''    ''They were unlike anything I'd eve...Rita Reif interviews Garth Clark about many kinds of ceramic objects on exhibit at his Long Island City gallery; photo (M)SOME years ago, Al Hirschfeld returned home from a run-through of Ariel Dorfman's ''Death and the Maiden.'' His wife asked him what the play was about. ''Germany after the war,'' he said. The play was about Chile after dictatorship, but Hirschfeld...Michael Kimmelman remembers life and career of Al Hirschfeld, made famous by caricatures of theater celebrities drawn for New York Times; Hirschfeld died Dec 20 at age of 99; caricatures (L)"