b"Citing the sluggish economy and declining sales in some of its core markets, Apple Computer Inc. reported lower profits yesterday, but the results still exceeded analysts' expectations by 2 cents a share.    The company reported a net profit of $1...Apple Computer says profits dropped 65 percent in fiscal second quarter ended March 29; net profit was $14 million, down from $40 million year earlier; revenue was $1.48 billion, down 1 percent from last year, when revenue was $1.5 billion; chief financial officer Fred Anderson says company sold 711,000 Macintosh computers in second quarter, with 42 percent of them being higher-margin laptop computers; chief executive Steven P Jobs issues statement denying that Apple made offer for Vivendi Universal's music group; Vivendi board member Claude Bebear issues statement denying that he said he expects Apple to offer about $6 billion for company (M)Nobody got it quite right.    The war in Iraq, now in its final military stages after only a month of fighting, was neither as painful as its opponents predicted nor as painless as its proponents suggested. Saddam Hussein was driven from power, at...News analysis: war in Iraq was neither as painful as opponents predicted nor as painless as proponents suggested; consequences for world and regional political stability are still unknowable; new flexibility in fighting and intelligence gave allied forces edge, but there were also some nasty surprises and speed of operation contributed to plethora of loose ends, not least of which are questions about fate of Saddam Hussein and existence of weapons of mass destruction; how exile Ahmad Chalabi will be received in effort to form government and impact of destruction of historical relics and libraries also remain to be seen; in all, American triumph is not as clear-cut as was hoped; photo (M)Q. I often see question marks instead of text on Web pages that use Cyrillic or Arabic alphabets or the character sets of East Asian languages. Is there a way to read these Web pages in their native languages?    A. Reading Web pages that use non-...(Editors' choices of other recent books of particular interest)    THE DEEP: And Other Stories, by Mary Swan. (Random House, $23.95.) The first book by a promising Canadian writer who devises and explores different forms with interesting results; ...FUCHSBERG-Abraham. Senior Partner of Fuchsberg & Fuchsberg, a New York City plaintiff's personal injury firm, passed away on April 15, 2003, at the age of 87. He was one of five siblings (including the late Honorable Jacob D. Fuchsberg, a former C...Of all the urban anglers who fish in the flotsam and jetsam of the East River, Philip Frabosilo may be the only one with old spark plugs strapped to his fishing lines as sinkers.      Certainly, Mr. Frabosilo is the only fisherman here who papers ...New York City cab driver Philip Frabosilo, whose fishing exploits are highlight of Rob Maass's new documentary Gotham Fish Tales, comments on his love of fishing in city waters; photo (M)  POISON   A History and a Family Memoir.   By Gail Bell.   276 pp. New York:   St. Martin's Press. $23.95.  Marina Warner reviews book Poison: A History and a Family Memoir by Gail Bell (M)What is left are piles of dirt and heaps of anxiety.     Three community gardens in Brownsville, Brooklyn, have finally been cleared so the lots can become construction sites for housing. Now all that can be seen are garden hoses, birdhouses and m...New York City clears three gardens in Brownsville section of Brooklyn in order to build 2,000 apartments; Mayor Michael R Bloomberg and New York State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer reached agreement last year to preserve 500 gardens; number of local gardeners did not clear their plots because they say one of project's developers Diversified Inch By Inch told them it would find alternative sites on which to build; map; photo (M)THERE'S more pep in Patchogue than there ha's been in years. New stores, facades, lighting, walkways, planters and downtown concerts that draw up to 8,000 people are rejuvenating the business district. Restaurants are also pumping new life into th...Richard Jay Scholem reviews Mustard Seed Cafe in Patchogue, NY (A La Carte column) (M)The pilgrims' path was walked in secret for more than three decades.    Hiding in alleyways and skirting fields, once a year the Shiite faithful would try to make their way to the holy city of Karbala under threat of arrest and persecution.  Shiite Muslims\xc3\xaf"