b"The co-founder of Apple Computer, Stephen Wozniak, recalls that it began with a series of lost dogs -- a runaway husky, a roving Shar-Pei, a wayward bichon fris\xc3\xa9.    The problem led inexorably to a Wozniak solution: wireless location-monitoring te...Stephen Wozniak and his new company, Wheels of Zeus, are set to introduce wireless location-monitoring technology that uses electronic tags to help people keep track of their animals, children or property; company has initial accords with two large American consumer electronics makers to produce first commercial systems based on its technology; Wozniak says simple and inexpensive wireless network uses radio signals and global positioning satellite data to keep track of cluster of inexpensive tags within one- or two-mile radius of each base station, interview; photo (M)IT was the spring of 1985. Keen young cooks in cities all across the country were reviving and rejuvenating American regional cooking.    Among the new style's champions were Larry Forgione in New York, Stephan Pyles in Dallas, Jeremiah Tower in S...R W Apple article on legacy of late Bill Neal, who achieved renown as chef in South in 1970's and 1980's and died of AIDS at age 41 in 1991; notes that his books and recipes are gaining renewed attention; chefs who worked with Neal make dishes in New South tradition for dinner at Beard House in New York City; photos (M)Scott Blum, the chief executive of the online retailer Buy.com, yesterday unveiled a new Web site, BuyMusic.com, which will sell music downloads to Windows users. The service, which is not affiliated with Buy.com, seeks to capitalize on the popula...Scott Blum unveils new Web sQ. I enjoy books on CD's and would like to listen to them on my iPod. I can import the CD's into my iTunes music software and create MP3 files of the readings, but I don't see any way to bookmark a file when I stop listening to it in my iPod. Does...IN the olden days of CD burning, 1997 or thereabouts, software and hardware were considered good if they burned most discs most of the time, even if they fell short of a perfect score. There was only one really friendly consumer program for Window...Wilson Rothman State of the Art column explores popularity of CD burning as technology improves; compares software packages from Adaptec and Ahead; drawing; photo (M)With so many hotels now promoting high-speed Internet access, you might think downloading e-mail messages in your room would be as easy as ordering a cheeseburger from room service -- and twice as quick.    But analysts and business travelers offe...Analysts and business travelers say high speed Internet access is becoming more common at hotels, but is still not something business travelers can count on; note service, if available, often does not work; say even hotels that offer service in most rooms only have enough capacity for limited number of guests to log on simultaneously; photo (M)3A FEW start-up Internet companies are taking on a problem that goes back to the earliest days of online commerce -- micropayments. Like others before them, they hope their solutions will crack open an online pi\xc3\xb1ata of pennies and dimes.    The ide...Start-up Internet companies are again trying to create effective online micropayment systems for very low-priced items that would let customers pay pennies for digital content and help online merchants collect small fees; BitPass and Peppercoin have rolled out test verisons of their services, attracting attention from investors, merchants and some customers; photo (M)LIKE any number of disenchanted, deskbound New Yorkers, Dan Bollinger dreamed of quitting his job and starting his own business. Mr. Bollinger, 33, an accountant at an interior design firm, had an idea -- turning his hobby of making all-natural so...Article on bartering for goods and services, which has blossomed over past few years on Web; focuses on free bartering category at craigslist.org, online classifieds community, that has spread to 23 cities; photos (L) To the Editor:    I enjoyed ''Relearning the Wonders of the City,'' by Joyce Purnick (Metro Matters column, July 21), about returnees to New York City. I know the feeling these folks have.   Linda Jawitz letLINDERMAN--Brenda, 64, of Boynton Beach passed away July 22, 2003. Sometimes in life if you are very lucky you will find someone like Brenda. She was more than a wife, she was a confidant, my partner, my friend. She made life a joy and an adventur..."