b"I ONCE spent almost a month exploring a single neighborhood in Paris, the Sixth Arrondissement. I can imagine visits to Napoleon's Paris or medieval Paris or Hemingway's Paris, and visits concentrating on cafes or flea markets. Gastronomic blowout...R W Apple Jr travel article on modern architecture in Paris; photos; map (L)WHEN Claudio Vigilante was a waiter at Le Gavroche, the last redoubt of classic French haute cuisine in London, the demanding and unsmiling proprietor, Albert Roux, often upbraided him for joking with the customers.    But one day he waited on the...R W Apple Jr reports on cuilinary holiday in Bermuda, where new food culture is replacing traditional Continental cuisine; drawings (M)Griffin Technology hopes its curving, transparent plastic iCurve laptop stand will appeal to owners of iBooks, as the product's name suggests. The stand's design was inspired by recent Macintosh computers.      Andrew Green, Griffin's vice preside...Griffin Technology introduces stand that can be used to raise laptop to ergonimically correct height and is aesthetically pleasing; photo (M)DANA LUCIANO has moved three times in the past two years. Each time, Dr. Luciano, who is an assistant professor of English at Hamilton College in Clinton, N.Y., has taken along boxes containing her old and obsolete computers.     Some of the machi...Storage media and file formats change so quickly, material is often unusable when users upgrade computer hardware, leaving some people saddled with extra equipment to view old files; solution is data migration and any number of technical support operations are popping up to fill need, transferring old files to new computer; some stubborn users simply refuse to upgrade because they see no reason to throw out working machine; photo; drawing (M)A LAPTOP may make a powerful portable office, but as a pure note-taking device, it is not universally considered an improvement over handwriting. In meetings, the laptop's screen becomes a wall that psychologically isolates you from the group. For...David Pogue State of the Art column explores systems designed for taking handwritten notes and retrieving them later on PC or palmtop; reviews Microsoft's Tablet PC and systems by Seiko and Logitech; drawing; photos (M)WITH its measly 1.44 megabytes of storage capacity, the 3.5-inch diskette is an anachronism in a world of 20-gigabyte MP3 players, DVD burners and tiny memory cards that can hold hundreds of digital photos. Yet like a lingering party guest who has...Most computers are made with disk drives even though they are little used; diskettes storage is limited, there are other competing formats that hold more data and it is easy to e-mail files; Imation, world's largest manufacturer of disks sees its market growing overseas, while US market is slowly fading; photo (M)Next time you hit a cellphone dead spot while on a train or walking to the office, take some comfort from the fact that you don't have to move to a new house to fix the problem.    Not so Stephen Wozniak, the co-founder of Apple Computer and now t...Stephen Wozniak, wireless industry pioneer, is moving from his 16-year-old dream home in Los Gatos, Calif, because he cannot get decent cellphone signal (S)When Richard Gingras first saw the initial logo for the Defense Department's controversial Information Awareness Office, he wasn't sure it was real.     The logo featured a pyramid with an all-seeing eye, like the one on the back of the dollar bil...Richard Gingras puts logo of Pentagon's Information Awareness Office on arrray of products available online, including coffee mugs, T-shirts and thong underwear, and will send proceeds to American Civil Liberties Union, critic of office and its plans to thwart terrorism through electronic surveillance; photo (S)PARTICULARLY congenial surroundings or service at a restaurant can sometimes create a halo effect for the food. But sometimes atmosphere and service are so infelicitous that a talented chef would do well to move on. Strega wobbles somewhere in bet...M H Reed reviews Strega restaurant in Pleasantville, NY; photos (M)IN the depths of this frigid February, the taste of ripe summer tomatoes seems as distant a memory as the warm days that went with them. One of the last places you would expect to find that deep flavor is in a bottle of ketchup.    Unless it is th...Melissa Clark article recommends heirloom tomato garlic ketchup from Heirloom Harvest Foods; photo (S)"