b"To the Editor: A healthy portion of our yearly Paris trip is devoted to looking at architecture, so R.W. Apple Jr.'s take on many of our most (and least) favorites, was an enjoyable chance for comparisons.    We, too, are thrilled by both the Arab...Melinda Bergman Burgener letter on R W Apple Jr's February 16 article notes her favorite and least favorite architecture in ParisTo the Editor: A few comments regarding R.W. Apple Jr.'s welcome and excellent account of his visits to some of the important modern architecture of Paris (''Paris, Always New,'' Feb. 16). The Communist headquarters by Oscar Niemeyer can be visite...Robert M Tieger letter on R W Apple Jr's February 16 travel article describes interesting architecture outside ParisThe telecommunications boom of the late 1990's was cruel to Cisco Systems. Now the company is trying to benefit from those harsh lessons.    Cisco, which built its reputation in data networking equipment, angered many major telephone companies a f...Ciscoo System, which built its reputation in data networking equipment, is now seeking to increase its relatively small share of market for telephone network equipment, concentrating on traditional long-distance and local phone providers; hopes to take advantage of current downturn in market, since its financial soundness could help make it look like solid vendor to big phone companies at time when Lucent and Nortel seem to be living quarter to quarter; photo (M)GERRIT VOOREN braved an icy Manhattan morning last week to press his search for just the right new computer. It had to be powerful, crammed with hundreds of megabytes of memory, and have enough hard-drive space to hold a vast music library and hou...Personal computer makers are counting on expanding needs of consumers to stem two years of declining sales; for two decades, sales of PC's were driven by succession of innovations and new operating systems; now, high-peformance applications are transforming computer use and requiring more bells and whistles as well as increased capacity; photos; graphs show ups and downs in market (L)Befuddlement (n.): 1. Confusion resulting from failure to understand. 2. Loss of sense of direction, position, or relationship with one's surroundings. 3. The state of the recording industry as it tries to sell music on the Internet.     THE only ...David Pogue State of the Art column attempts to discern differences among littany of music-downloading services and their price structures; drawing; chart shows five services, fees and available options; photo (M)When President Bill Clinton came to Seattle 10 years ago as the host of a Pacific Rim economic summit, this city was his stage and his symbol. Looking to the next century, he held Seattle up as a New Economy role model for the rest of the country....Article in occasional series, Economic Pulse, examines America's Pacific Northwest; for much of 1990's, Puget Sound area economy was growing at twice national rate, and per capita income was 20 percent above national average; now, no place in country has higher unemployment rates than this region; area has been dealt triple blow by staggering Asian economy, worldwide downturn in airline industry and dot-com bust; nobody is predicting quick recovery; details from individual states in region; photo; graphs (L)THE youthful Jardin du Roi is a surprisingly authentic French cafe, bar and restaurant in the heart of Chappaqua. One has to love the sheer optimism of a place that remains open for breakfast, lunch and dinner seven days a week from 8 in the morni...Alice Gabriel reviews Le Jardin du Roi restaurant in Chappaqua, NY; photo (M)WHEN you live in a small neighborhood -- say, on a cul de sac tucked between Rutgers Lane and Harvard Circle in Montgomery Township just south of the Princeton Airport -- you learn about community values.    Most of all you learn that it really do...Karla Cook reviews Gratella restaurant in Princeton, NJ; photo (M)WHEN light, low-cholesterol eating threatened steakhouses, they offered diners more fish, pasta and chicken than red meat. Chinese eating places countered the growing popularity of Japanese food by co-opting that cuisine onto their menus. French s...Richard Jay Scholem reviews City Deli in Huntington, NY (A La Carte column) (M)KIT AND KAREN SICKELS want a treehouse. They are not grade-school siblings begging their father to build them a backyard fort, nor environmental advocates plotting a yearlong stay at the top of a redwood to protest logging practices. They are just...Article on treehouses built for adults; focuses on TreeHouse Workshop Inc of Seattle, Wash, one of handful of builders specializing in treehouse construction for adults; several houses described; photos (M)"