b"Apple Computer Inc. added faster processors to its three Power Mac G4 models yesterday and lowered the price by as much as 20 percent, seeking to attract buyers after its first back-to-back quarterly losses since 1997. The latest Power Mac models ...First there was audio and then there was video. As television followed radio, the personal jukebox, once a mere music player, has progressed from spinning out MP3 tunes to playing video clips. The Archos Multimedia Jukebox 20 comes with a color li...Archos Multimedia Jukebox 20 can play MP3 tunes and video clips in MPEG-4 format; works with most Windows and Macintosh systems; photo (M)Q. What is the difference between the MPEG-1, MPEG-2 and MPEG-4 video formats?    A. MPEG-1, MPEG-2 and MPEG-4 are compression standards used for digital video. All of the formats were developed by the Motion Picture Experts Group, part of the Int...Six of the largest music retailers plan to announce on Monday that they are joining forces to sell music that can be downloaded from the Web.     The retailing group, called Echo, consists of Best Buy, the nation's No. 1 electronics retailer; Towe...Six of nation's largest music retailers plan to announce that they are joining forces to sell music that can be downloaded from Web; Best Buy, Tower Records, Virgin Entertainment Group, Wherehouse Entertainment, Hastings Entertainment and Trans World Entertainment unite to create service called Echo; music sellers search for new revenue sources to compensate for two-year decline in compact disc sales (M)TOMOYOSHI OTA knows what he wants, and nothing is going to convince him otherwise. Mr. Ota, a 37-year-old office worker, is set on buying another DVD player for his home and only the Sony machine, with its slightly curved edges, brushed gray body ...Sony Corp turns to its design center to meet growing challenges to its hold on high end of electronics market, where fierce competition has hurt its profits and where it must find way to harness file-sharing technology while protecting copyrights owned by its entertainment businesses like Columbia Pictures and Columbia Records; believes design will enable it to retain longtime strategy of pricing its products higher than competition's; Sony's designers work on about 1,500 products a year, 300 of them completely new designs, as opposed to updates; work in parallel with engineers, but are given free hand to experiment with shapes, colors and functions; photos (M)Congress has vowed to take up the highly polarized issue of school lunches this spring with the reauthorization of the law that helps states pay for school lunches. The attention comes not a moment too soon. While school lunches have never approac...Ellen Ruppel Shell Op-Ed article offers photos and brief appraisals of lunches served in schools around world in light of controversy over United States school lunches''MY mom was an all-American cook in the 70's,'' Bobby Flay said, rubbing a knob of ginger against a white porcelain grater. ''She made pork chops and applesauce, lamb with mint jelly -- no surprises. She wasn't sitting down with the Gourmet cookb...Bobby Flay, in Chef series, describes making spice-rubbed pork chops with apple, mango and pomegranate chutney; photos; recipes (L)FINCH TAVERN, part-owned by the actor Stanley Tucci, hopes to fill the need for a casual dining and drinking spot in an area of Westchester County short on such amenities. The good intention is welcome. But this restaurant, only seven months old, ...M H Reed reviews Finch Tavern in Croton Falls, NY; photo (M)A restaurant as tiny as the Savoy doesn't seem as if it could subdivide, but it has. After nearly 13 years the restaurant has shed its Garbo-like image of secrecy, transforming the ground floor into a modern-looking cafe with diner overtones. The ...William Grimes Diner's Journal review of newly remodeled Savoy restaurant in SoHo; photo (S)Larry Goldberg, a food lover who owned three popular New York pizzerias and developed an unusual method of staying thin that he called controlled cheating, died on Sunday in Kansas City, Mo. He was 69.    The cause was complications of Alzheimer's...Larry Goldberg, who owned three popular New York pizzerias and developed unusual method of dieting that he called controlled cheating, dies at age of 69; photo (M)"