b"For many years, the gardens at Barnsley House, a 17th-century manor near Cirencester, England, were one of the premier attractions of the Cotswolds. Then in May 2001, their creator, Rosemary Verey, the influential horticultural writer and lecturer...Barnsley House, 17th century manor house and gardens near Cirencester, Eng, once owned by horticultural writer and lecturer Rosemary Verey, reopens as country-house hotel; photo (M)The European Commission went on the offensive today in its antitrust case against Microsoft, saying in a preliminary ruling that the company continues to abuse its dominance in operating systems.    The commission also outlined the remedies it may...WHEN a software company is working on a new program, it tries to throw competitors off the scent by using a code name, like Whistler (which became Windows XP) or Cheetah (the original Mac OS X). Nobody outside America Online knows the code name fo...At 1:30 a.m. on Friday, the Bunny looked a bit ill.     Outside the gates of what was once Loring Air Force Base, thousands of fans were lined up in their vehicles, ready to enter It, a weekend-long music festival featuring Phish, the popular impr...The new generation of semiconductor factories that have begun opening their doors in the last year or so are marvels of modern manufacturing. They typically produce about two and a half times more semiconductor chips than older plants, and yet the...Surprisingly large second-quarter loss by IBM's semiconductor business raises questions about whether IBM can achieve its hybrid strategy of producing microprocessors for its mainframes and server computers, while also profitably making custom chips for outside companies; internal demand consumes only about third of IBM's plant capacity; IBM's approach to contract business varies from that of other chip makers; stresses close ties with limited number of customers that want advanced chips; graph of IBM sales and income; photos (M)Audible Inc., a company that makes audio versions of books and magazines available over the Internet, plans to announce today that it has received a $6 million investment from Bertelsmann, the German media giant, and Apax Partners, a private equit...Audible Inc, company that makes audio versions of books and magazines available over Internet, gets $2 million investment from German media giant Bertelsmann and $4 million from private equity firm Apax Partners; Bertelsmann agrees to help market Audible globally; Apax, as part of deal, buys about third of company's outstanding shares, preferred stock owned by Microsoft, which has retained about 1.9 million common shares (M)To the Editor:     Kudos to R. W. Apple Jr. for lauding cherries and the Tapawingo restaurant as the culinary jewels of Michigan's Up North (''Up North: Michigan's Flavorful Vacationland,'' July 30).     But shame on him for barely mentioning the ...Jeffery David Feldman letter lauds R W Apple for his article on food culture of northern Michigan, but contends he barely mentioned outstanding fish of regionThe duality of life in New York City usually comes down to its intense visceral pleasures versus the agonies of getting at them.     There are beautiful beaches that sometimes cannot be accessed without enduring hours of traffic. There are fabulou...Profile of FreshDirect, online grocery business whose trucks have become ubiquitous in Manhattan; founder Joseph Fedele says he started his business after seeing what he describes as poor refrigeration for perishables and general lack of sanitary conditions at Fairway, where he worked in past; FreshDirect eschews middlemen, which helps keep prices competitive, and, at Long Island City operation maintains 12 temperature zones for refrigerated items; rivalry between Fresh Direct and Fairway discussed; experience of ordering from Fresh Direct described; photos (M)California design has long been defined by giants of postwar modernism like Ray and Charles Eames and the graphic designer Saul Bass. Looking for what's making waves now, the Pasadena Museum of California Art put out a statewide call last year. Th...Pasadena Museum of California Art holds Design Biennial exhibition; photo (Currents column) (S)Lollapalooza Festival at Jones Beach Theater, Wantagh, N.Y., July 30, 2003    D.J. Nu-Mark (center): ''There's six of us in our band -- four M.C.'s and two D.J.'s -- but we are called Jurassic 5. Our time slot at Lollapalooza -- 4:30 p.m. -- is re...D J Nu-Mark, commenting on photo of himself signing autograph at Lollapalooza Festival, recalls feelings about his band Jurassic 5 playing at festival; photo (What They Were Thinking column) (M)"