b"He quotes John Travolta while commuting as a straphanger. He goes to work in sneakers, blue jeans and a fine gold chain glinting under his black leather jacket. Anthony Bianchi looks little changed from the boy who went to Xaverian High School in ...Anthony Bianchi, former Brooklynite, is running for city council seat in Inuyama; if elected, he will be first native of United States to hold elective office in Japan; map; photo (Inuyama Journal) (M)FROM their conception, Palm organizers have been designed according to what its employees only half-jokingly call the Zen of Palm: a belief in simplicity, minimizing the steps required for each task and avoiding superfluous features. But as this u...David Pogue State of the Art column reviews Palm's Zire, simplified hand-held organizer, and its newest upgrade that includes tiny digital camera; photo; drawing (M)GIVING things away, even digitally, can cost a lot. I hadn't realized just how much until I turned on my computer one day last month and discovered that I might owe $15,000 to an Internet company.      Two days earlier, I had started giving away t...Web site owners who are giving away books or other downloadables must be careful about site consuming so much bandwidth that they incur extra expenses from service providers and make other Web sites hard to reach because of extraordinary congestion; Internet is littered with sites that offer explanations about why they have shut down or started charging; drawing (M)IT'S easy to imagine the Olde Stone Mill in its original commission: taking up the waters of the Bronx River to power manufacturing. For the last 30 years, the building has stood derelict, but after a major renovation, including a wooden addition ...M H Reed reviews The Olde Stone Mill restaurant in Tuckahoe, NY; photos (M)YOU might think Bistro du Soleil in South Norwalk suffers from an identity crisis: the name is French, the ownership is Colombian-Spanish and the food is eclectic American.    As for the food, there is no crisis at all. Over all, it is well prepar...Patricia Brooks reviews Bistro du Soleil in Norwalk, Conn; photos (M)The car alarm comes as a rude reminder that this is a city of sound. Many New Yorkers, after suffering years of aural abuse, have tuned out. But three artists -- Toshi Reagon, Everton Sylvester and Gabri Christa -- bravely bared themselves and act...Creative Time, public art group that helped produce towers of light at ground zero, has published and is distributing free copies of CD of New York City street sounds and songs composed by artists Toshi Reagon, Everton Sylvester and Gabri Christa; photos (M)Trees and Gardens  New York Botanical Garden, 200th Street and Southern Boulevard, the Bronx; (718) 817-8700.      On Saturday, from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m., there will be free guided tours and workshops as part of Tree Lover's Saturday. Topics will inc...Abraham Fuchsberg, the senior partner in Fuchsberg & Fuchsberg, a New York law firm that is nationally recognized for its success in representing plaintiffs in personal injury cases, died last Tuesday in Miami. He was 87.    Mr. Fuchsberg (pronoun...Abraham Fuchsberg, leading New York personal injury lawyer, dies at age 87 (M)(Editors' choices of other recent books of particular interest)    CHOPIN'S FUNERAL, by Benita Eisler. (Knopf, $23.) Seeking to untangle the paradoxical relationship between the shy, fragile pianist and the passionate sexual outlaw and novelist Ge...SHIRO NAKAMURA, the chief of design for Nissan, plays classical music on a cello and jazz on a bass. His tastes run from Bach to Bill Evans, and in each genre he finds different ways to express himself.    ''Jazz is innovation, creating advanced m...Article on Nissan design chief Shiro Nakamura, whose cutting-edge cars and trucks are radically different from past; photos (M)"