b"Two years ago this month, Apple Computer released a small, sleek-looking device it called the iPod. A digital music player, it weighed just 6.5 ounces and held about 1,000 songs. There were small MP3 players around at the time, and there were play...Rob Walker article on success of Apple Computer's iPod digital music player, which combines high design and powerful technology; focuses on product's design, both appearance and function, to explain why iPod has become icon; photos (L)For the last three years, Edgar Bronfman Jr. has lived in the shadow of a monumentally bad decision. He sold his family's Seagram liquor empire for shares of Vivendi, a French utility-turned-media company, only to watch it nearly collapse and take...Success of Edgar Bronfman Jr's deal to buy Warner Music from Time Warner for $2.6 billion hinges in large part on his conviction that embattled music industry can tame online piracy and reverse three-year sales slump; Bronfman is betting on untested new Internet business, sale of music online; unlike his earlier deal, when he sold his family's Seagram liquor empire for shares of Vivendi, this time he has assembled well-healed cadre of investors that shore his vision, including group led by Thomas H Lee Partners; Bronfman himself is expected to contribute $250 million to deal; in wooing investors, he argued that online music piracy is already abating thanks to lawsuits by music industry and legal online music sales by companies like Apple Computer and Wal-Mart; photo (M)IF the technology industry were a traditional family tonight, sitting down to a Thanksgiving dinner, what would those gathered have to be thankful for? Three rotten post-bubble years? Rising public anger at the decline in customer service? The way...David Pogue State of the Art column lists digital gadgets and technology advances of past year; photo; drawing (M)TWO seemingly unrelated indicators  the fact that hotels in downtown Phoenix were sold out at the same time that there were no taxi lines in Las Vegas -- point to subtle but sweeping changes under way in the computer industry.     Here in Phoenix,...John Markoff column says new interest of supercomputers was evident at SC2003 trade show in Phoenix, which drew crowd of 8,000 visitors; says decline of Comdex show in Las Vegas, where attendance was down to 45,000 to 50,000 from more than 200,000 just three years ago, illustrates how center of gravity in computing world is shifting from its focus on development of faster, more powerful personal computers toward creating supersophisticated machines and building computing intelligence into common consumer electronics devicdes; photo (M)Q. I do a lot of my research by reading old newspaper articles. Is there a way to scan the text and transfer the content to my computer?    A. Scanners that can read printed text and convert it into an electronic document come in several forms. If...Changing Tastes      Now that the holiday is here, a deconstruction of Web searches for Thanksgiving recipes may tell us a bit about America's changing culinary tastes. The early returns are in from the major search engines, and interest in cranbe...Online Diary column; Web searches for Thanksgiving recipes reveal changes in American culinary tastes; several sites cater to users searching for positive news; more than 26,000 people have signed up to write novels online during National Novel Writing Month; miscellaneous Web sites noted; drawings (M)NotNeutral, a spinoff of the Los Angeles architecture and design firm Rios Associates, has introduced a line of striking pillows with silk-screened patterns in red, black and white cotton (14 by 18 inches; $48). ''We wanted to make the most graphi...Line of striking pillows from NotNeutral noted; drawing (Currents: Los Angeles) (S)SHOPPING for gifts of food online has become as sophisticated as catalog shopping and much more convenient. The pictures on Web sites have become more enticing than those on paper, even glossy paper. Browsing the sites is as easy as turning pages,...Marian Burros comments on shopping for holiday food gifts online; photos (L)RESTAURANTS cluster. Think of the string of big-beef places that form steakhouse row on Route 25A in northern Nassau. Motor Parkway in Hauppauge could double as a tour of Italy. Mario, San Marco, Sempre Vivolo and Pomodorino have dominated the roa...Joanne Starkey reviews Madison Steak House in Hauppauge, NY; photo (M)FOR the 21st-century boxed set, music isn't always enough. It's a multimedia music business now, and as video-era bands amass box-worthy archives, DVD's with video clips are beginning to take their place alongside hits, outtakes, rarities and live...Neil Strauss reviews American/Lost Highway five-CD set Johnny Cash: Unearthed; photo (S)"