b"A report by Bloomberg News in the Company News column of Business Day on Friday about revised compensation for Steve Jobs, chief executive of Apple Computer Inc., referred incorrectly to the securities he will receive to replace 27.5 million worth...Correction of March 21 report on revised compensation for Steve Jobs of Apple Computer; shares noted To the Editor:    Re ''Operation Atlas, Shrugged Off'' (editorial, March 19), about New York City's antiterrorism plan:  Rita Ross letter contends that Washington should support New York's efforts to thwart terrorism (Mar 19 editorial)Silicon Valley is continuing to hemorrhage thousands of jobs, but there are some here who say that the time has never been better for creating a start-up company.     On Monday, Phil Goldman, whose career as a software designer has included stints...Phil Goldman starts Mailblocks, company that will provide service that he says will permanently end e-mail spam for small annual fee; system will intercept e-mail messages from any correspondent unknown to subscriber and automatically return to sender a digital image of seven-digit number and form to fill out; only after human being views number and types it into form will system let e-mail be delivered; Goldman says new technologies and slumping technology economy are making it relatively easy to enter new markets; photo (M)Though the scion of a family steeped in politics and public service, George W. Bush remains a young president who came to the White House with relatively limited knowledge of the world and its ills. Yet for two years he has ridden high in public e...R W Apple analysis of whether public will continue to support Pres Bush on Iraq in light of military surprises on battlefield and diplomatic shortfalls (L)The war in Iraq is just a week old, but it is clear that Saddam Hussein has learned a lot since his forces were routed in the Persian Gulf war in 1991.    Like other leaders facing larger, technologically superior forces, he has found ways to impr...R W Apple news analysis: Saddam Hussein has found ways around technologically superior adversary by waging war of harassment and delay and using advantage of war being on his home ground; tactic will likely not change outcome, but will prolong fighting, making it more costly financially as well as compromising US's already-tattered reputation in Arab world; unnamed Pentagon sources admit they underestimated capacity of paramilitary forces; knowing that regular forces will be overwhelmed, Saddam is fielding guerrilla defense led by about 60,000 fedayeen irregulars and other paramilitary forces; streets and alleys of Iraq's cities afford urban guerrillas opportunities to blend into crowds to operate, working against American desire to be seen as agents of liberation, not agents of conquest; fedayeen fighters change in and out of uniform, confounding Marines who are frustrated with enemy that employs vastly different rules of war (L)As a wartime leader, George W. Bush is no Lyndon B. Johnson or Franklin D. Roosevelt. That much is already evident.    Johnson, whose presidency was ultimately destroyed by the Vietnam War, followed its progress with obsessive intensity. He consta...R W Apple Jr article compares and contrasts Pres Bush's behavior with other wartime presidents; notes that in first days of war in Iraq, Bush appears to be fully engaged commander in chief, but one who leaves details to his subordinates; he gets most of his information from their reports, particularly at early morning meetings of his inner council of war; like his father during first week of Persian Gulf war, he chose to go to Camp David for weekend; this is intended to send message that he is calm, cool president, leader confident of victory; unlike his father, he reportedly watched graphic scenes on television only episodically during intense opening phases of bombing in Baghdad; Bush talks of disarming Iraqi regime rather than invading Iraq; idea is to avoid personalizing conflict and to dispel suspicion in Europe and even within US that one of his goals is to make up for his father's failure to remove Saddam Hussein from power; Bush has rationed his public appearances so far; history suggests he would do well to get out into country often in weeks ahead, particularly if war hits lengthy bad patch; presidents who have holed up during wars tend to lose public support; photos (L)Like a coach seeking a psychological advantage, President Bush pressed an effort today to temper public anticipation of an early, relatively painless victory in the fighting in Iraq.    ''It is evident that it's going to take a while to achieve ou...News analysis: Pres Bush moves to temper public anticipation of early, relatively painless victory in conflict against Iraq following sharpest clash of war near city of Nasiriyah in which dozen American troops are killed or captured; overconfident and easily shaken public could be problem for Bush administration if war does not goes as well as expected; photo (M)Buying an MP3 player used to have one thing in common with buying a hard drive. You had to decide how much memory you wanted, and then live with it -- at least until prices dropped. The NEX IIe, a new wallet-size combination MP3 player and file-st...Frontier Labs offers new wallet-size combination MP3 player and file-storage device that can accommodate up to one gigabyte memory expansion; unit has no internal memory, using only memory cards that must be purchased separately; photo (M)I.B.M.  won a multiyear contract to make the Nvidia Corporation's latest computer-graphics chip, beating the Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company. Terms of the order for GeForce graphics processor chips were not disclosed. Joanne Itow, an an...IBMQ. Virus alerts like the ones about SULFNBK.exe and Jdbgmgr.exe are sometimes forwarded to me by well-intentioned friends. I often discover later that the alerts were hoaxes. Is there a place on the Web where I can learn whether a warning is legit..."