b"A few years ago, when Steve Jobs introduced Apple's popular iMac computer, his archrival, Bill Gates, groused that Apple had reduced innovation in the personal computing world to translucent colored plastics.     ''The one thing Apple's providing ...Computer industry veterans say futuristic new office computer planned by Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard Co leans too heavily on industrial design ideas introduced by Apple; Apple executives note new graphics software Microsoft plans for 2005 version of its Windows operating system apes features that have been in Apple operating system since 2001; photo (M)YEARS ago, when the oldest of John Park's five children was still in grade school, he and his wife agonized over a decision of respect. The school year was nearing an end, and they wanted to give a thank-you gift to their oldest child's teacher.  ...Article on tradition among Korean parents living in New York of giving expensive gifts to their children's teachers; gift giving is increasingly discouraged within Korean community for fear of embarrassing other parents and teachers; Department of Education regulations prohibit officers and employees from accepting gifts worth more than $20 from individual children, parents or guardians; drawing (M)AFTER the 2000 presidential election, with its disputes over the balloting in Florida and its hanging chad, the federal government moved swiftly to revamp the country's largely paper-based and mechanical voting systems. More than $1 billion has be...Article weighs merits of electronic voting versus paper ballots or mechanical equipment; although public appears to have confidence in newer machines, group of more than 100 technologists led by Stanford University Prof David Dill calls for tighter security measures and warns that tampering is possible; photos (M) To the Editor:    What an unfortunate reality (''Times Reporter Who Resigned Leaves Long Trail of Deception,'' front page, May 11). One long-festering bad apple does diminish the reputation of The New York Times.  Richard D Kirk letter on Jayson Blair scandal says one long-festering bad apple does diminish reputation of The New York Times (S)Grilled cheese is the big news on New York's sandwich front. Say Cheese, a sliver of a cafe and take-out shop at 649 Ninth Avenue (45th Street), opened last week and goes well beyond a slice of American on white bread. Alex Adorno, the managing pa...Several shops in Manhattan sell grilled cheese sandwiches that are special; photos (S)ONE afternoon in the early 1890's, Anton Chekhov dreamed of an ominous black monk. The phantasm so haunted him after he woke from a nap at his country estate south of Moscow that he decided to capture it inside a piece of fiction.    The story, ''...Celia Wren article on Yale Repertory Theater production of Chekhov short story Black Monk, adapted by David Rabe, directed by Daniel Fish and starring Sam Waterston; photos (M)Japanese cuisine may seem timeless, but it changes all the time. Sushi, for example, did not come along until the 19th century. More recently, chefs like Nobu Matsuhisa, of Nobu, have put a global spin on traditional Japanese dishes, opening the w...William Grimes Diner's Journal review of Yujin in Greenwich Village; photo (S)In the searing heat of the late afternoon, men in this ancient city gather in the Soran Tea House for a daily dose of backgammon, tea and gossip.    Tea shops are at the heart of life here. They spread news faster than television. They are a place...Tea shops are at heart of life in Erbil in northern Iraq, a place for men to gather for daily dose of backgammon, tea and gossip; men, predominantly Kurds, speculate about why Americans really came to Iraq; say while they did not come just to help Kurds, it is good to be free; photo (M)Steven P. Jobs and his team at Pixar Animation Studios are feeling pretty good these days.    On May 3, several hundred Pixar employees crowded the Paramount Theater in downtown Oakland, Calif., dressed in tuxedos and gowns, to watch a private scr...Pixar Animation Studios chief executive Steven P Jobs is working to renegotiate marketing and distribution deal with Walt Disney Co, set to expire in 2005; seeks to keep much greater share of profits; survival of partnership is in doubt; table of most popular animated films; photos (M)THE glorious beach day is drawing to a close. A soothing sea breeze has replaced summer's sizzling heat. Your skin is still warm, your muscles relaxed, your mood mellow. You don't want the day to end, you don't want to leave the beach and you defi...Article on restaurants along Long Island's beaches; list; photos (Special Issue: Summer on Long Island) (M)"