b"The Pop Life column on May 29, about changes at Apple Computer's iTunes Music Store, referred incorrectly to the effect of an update to the store's software on Apple's Rendezvous music sharing service. The update altered the service to disable mus...Correction of May 29 article about update of Apple Computer's online music storeUnlike owners of desktop computers, laptop users are generally stuck with the keyboard supplied by the manufacturer. Owners of some laptops made by Apple, however, now have a choice. The TouchStream MacNTouch keyboard from FingerWorks not only rea...TouchStream MacNTouch keyboard from FingerWorks, to be used with Apple laptops, arranges keys in what company says is more ergonomic layout; photo (M)CLASSICAL music critics seldom get to feel that they're on track with a hip new product. So I came to iTunes with an extra sense of empowerment. ITunes, if you missed it, is the new music service from Apple that allows users to buy and legally dow...Anne Midgette article discusses difficulties and confusion arising from attempts to list classical music recordings for sale on Internet; praises Apple for iTunes system, which, while not perfect, is far better than list she and staff tried to create for Musicmaker site; photo, drawing (M)WILLIAM EWART GLADSTONE, the great Victorian prime minister, called clotted cream ''the food of the gods.'' George Blake, a Briton who spied on his own country and now lives in exile in Moscow, said recently that the only thing he really misses fr...R W Apple Jr reports on production of clotted cream in southwest England, principally in counties of Devon and Cornwall; photos (M)  ISAAC NEWTON   By James Gleick.   Illustrated. 272 pp. New York:   Pantheon Books. $22.95.  Owen Gingerich reviews book Isaac Newton by James Gleick (M)Sun Microsystems moved a step closer today to making its Java programming language a force in personal computing when Hewlett-Packard and Dell Computer agreed to include Java software with their desktop and laptop computers.    Industry executives...Sun Microsystems moves step closer to making its Java programming language force in personal computing when Hewlett-Packard and Dell Computer agree to include Java software with their desktop and laptop computers; industry executives and analysts have viewed inclusion of Java as standard software component on personal computers as indicator of effectiveness of antitrust settlement with Justice Department reached last year with Microsoft Corp (M)The Brooklyn Museum's ''Pulp Art: Vamps, Villains and Victors From the Robert Lesser Collection'' is an underdone show of overheated art. It suffers from an installation that is both hokey and murky, accompanied by a display of pulp-related contem...Roberta Smith erviews Brooklyn Museum show Pulp Art: Vamps, Villains and Victors; photos (M)ANYONE who has ever made a mix tape to play on a long drive knows the hypnotic effect of combining cars, motion and music: it's just you and the road and Steve Earle cranked up all the way as the mile markers fly by and stress melts away. Even whe...J D Biersdorfer State of the Art column explains how MP3 player can be set up to play through car's tape deck and speakers; evaluates several models; photos; drawing (L)Though enormously popular, most prosecco, the minor Italian sparkling wine from Veneto, is middling. But the fresh, apple-like 2002 Bisson Prosecco del Colli Trevigiani at the highly selective Rosenthal Wine Merchant is as sophisticated as the gra...Howard Goldberg reviews 2002 Bisson Prosecco del Colli Trevigiani wine (S)Debra Adamsons, who managed and owned Bruised Apple Books in Peekskill with Scott Sailor, picked the riverfront town of Beacon to set up a new store of used and rare books, which opened last month. Dia:Beacon, the contemporary art museum also open...Debra Adamsons opens Creekside Books, which sells used and rare books, antique prints, old maps and vinyl records in Beacon, NY (M)"