b"THIRTY-FIVE years ago, the first planned experiment for the forerunner of today's Internet was to offer remote access to a software tool designed to let researchers create, capture, organize and retrieve digital information.     The notion of flex...Microsoft's OneNote software is designed to support note-taking, organizing, sketching and document collecting done during normal day; dispenses with notion of files, instead presenting computer user with single notebook broken into pages that can be selected by category; NoteTaker, developed for Macintosh users, performs similar functions but programs differ in significant ways; photo (M)JUST in time for the holiday baking season, Whole Foods in Millburn held an apple pie-baking contest. Although the store expected at least 15 entries (the judges didn't think they could handle any more pies in one sitting) only 9 contestants showe...Fran Schumer Jersey column on apple pie-baking contest at Whole Foods in Millburn, NJ, in which her pie took third place; contest was won by 7-year-old Brianna Wronka; drawing (M)Al Gore's endorsement confirms the status of Howard Dean as that rarest of animals in the jungle of presidential nominating politics: an insurgent front-runner. It gives him the legitimacy he has been seeking, but it also presents him with problem...R W Apple Jr news analysis says Al Gore's endorsement of Howard Dean for Democratic presidential nomination makes Dean insurgent front-runner, giving him legitimacy but also problems of self-definition as establishment candidates revamp their campaigns to be ready to pounce if he falters in New Hampshire or Iowa; how well Dean wears will depend on how he defines himself, whether as liberal, as passionate young supporters believe, or as centrist who supported both abortion rights and gun rights as governor of Vermont (M)WHEN Lyman and Suzanne Chapin built their house in Hopkinton, Mass., in 1987, the networking they had in mind was of the human variety. They kept the layout of the kitchen area open to create an atmosphere that would foster frequent interaction am...Kitchens have long been primary gathering place in home, and nowadays people prefer cooking area that opens to greatroom or living room, which is helping turn kitchens into area for working on computers; advent of broadband connections is partly responsible for moving computer into kitchen, focal point for family activity; photos (L)There is nothing as alluring as vice, except possibly the combination of two vices. A Florida club owner may have come up with a cure for smokers' rage over their recent exile from bars: a martini infused with nicotine-rich tobacco. (Sound delicio...Review of year's notable ideas and developments cites martini infused with nicotine-rich tobacco, known as Nicotini; drink was developed by Florida club owner Larry Wald to be served to patrons after July 1 when smoking ban in bars took effect; photo (M)THE regular season at the Jackson Hole Mountain Resort begins on Dec. 20. Lift tickets are $64 a day, with discounts for multiple days. One-day adult ski rentals start at $26.50 for skis, boots and poles. One of the best times to go is late Februa...Suggestions for getting to, staying at and dining in Jackson Hole Mountain Resort, Wyoming; photo (M)CHASE BANK, PBS, Barneys New York, Mobil Oil: few corporate logos, posters or shopping bags are as familiar as these and scores of others created over the last 40 years by the graphic-design firm Chermayeff & Geismar. Yet while its work is ubiquit...Article previews exhibit of graphic designs by firm of Chermayeff & Geismar at Cooper Union School of Art; new book Designing presents company's most notable work; photos (M)DURING the 85 or so minutes that the food writer and playwright Jonathan Reynolds is under the lights in the Second Stage Theater's production of his play ''Dinner With Demons,'' he deep-fries an entire turkey, prepares a potato souffl\xc3\xa9, braises a...Robert Simonson profile of and interview with food writer and playwright Jonathan Reynolds focuses on Second Stage Theater production of his play Dinner With Demons; interview; sidebar offers sampling of current Off Broadway productions combining dinner and show; photo (M)Donald G. Fisher, the real estate entrepreneur who founded Gap Inc. in 1969 because he could not find jeans that fit, said yesterday that he would step down as chairman of the company, effective in May. He will be succeeded by his son Robert J. Fi...Gap Inc founder Donald G Fisher will step down as chairman, effective in May; will be succeeded by his son Robert J Fisher; photo (M)IT is difficult to get excited about the opening of yet another Italian restaurant in Connecticut. But La Zingara in Bethel is special, though not necessarily in its looks, which are smart and low-key, pleasing but not flashy.    It is the menu at...Patricia Brooks reviews La Zingara restaurant in Danbury, Conn; photos (M)"