b"THE Australians call them ''stickies'' and treasure them. So do many others lucky enough to have tasted these fortified dessert wines, properly named muscat and tokay, a pair of uncommon elixirs made only near this dozy old town along the Murray R...R W Apple Jr comments on fortified dessert wines of Australia: muscat and tokay; photos (L)Wal-Mart Stores, the world's largest retailer and a top seller of compact discs, began offering music yesterday for customers to download from its Web site for 88 cents a song, a price that undercuts those of online competitors like Apple Computer...TechnolThe Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the small Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan are worlds apart geographically, culturally and technologically. For decades, M.I.T. has turned out engineers whose labors have helped fuel America's high-tech eco...Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Bhutan collaborate on largest commercial book ever published: Bhutan: A Visual Odyssey Across the Himalayan Kingdom; picture book is five feet high, weighs more than 130 pounds and pushes technological frontiers of digital photography and computer printing; 500 copies will be sold for $10,000 apiece: $1,000 to cover cost of production and $9,000 as tax-deductible charitable contribution to support education in Bhutan and send Bhutanese students to college abroad; Michael Hawley, director for special projects at MIT, is mastermind behind project; photo (M)Q. I have a collection of vinyl records, and I have the cables needed to import the recordings onto my computer so that I can burn them onto CD's. Is there a way to eliminate hissing and popping?    A. A good audio restoration program can filter n...Michelle Slatalla Online Shopper column discusses download service from audible.com; books, periodicals, radio shows and selections for children are available for playback on array of portable devices; drawing (M)WHEN all five of us pile into the station wagon for a long car trip, the first thing my three daughters do is divide their terrain into distinct kingdoms.    Relying on the natural geography of the backseat to establish perimeters, they zealously ...Solart\xc3\xa9, a French company founded by three brothers from Aix-en-Provence, offers handmade, glazed pottery in updated shapes and sumptuous colors. These tall 28-ounce jugs ($49.95 each, shown in apple, pistachio and raspberry) are by Romain Bernex,...Handmade pottery from Solarte of France comes in sumptuous colors; photo (S)The recording industry must first ask a judge before forcing Internet companies to disclose the names of people who trade music online, a federal appeals court in Washington ruled yesterday.    The sharply worded ruling, which underscored the role...Federal appeals court in Washington, DC, rules that recording industry must first ask judge before forcing Internet companies to disclose names of people who trade music online; ruling, which underscores role of judges in protecting privacy and civil rights, is major setback to record companies in their efforts to stamp out sharing of copyrighted songs through Internet; it overturns decision in federal district court that allowed music industry to force disclosure of individuals simply by su bmitting subpoenas to court clerk without winning judge's approval; Verizon Communications brought suit against Recording Industry Association of America to protect identities of its Internet customers; opinion in case is written by Chief Judge Douglas H Ginsburg, and represents view of three judges who heard case (M)In the pantheon of entertaining pigs (Babe, Porky and Piglet trot to mind), there's a new kid in the sty. He is 8-year-old Piggley Winks, star of ''Jakers! The Adventures of Piggley Winks,'' a half-hour animated children's show on PBS.     Piggley...ArtiDiners who admire the pared-down, simple approach to cooking practiced at Craft and Craftbar can find it in a new part of town.     Marco Canora, the point man behind the stove at both restaurants, has taken the Craft philosophy with him to Hearth...JERRY PETRINI missed the days when he could drop off a sack of coins at the bank and get cash back immediately. Mr. Petrini, owner of My Three Sons, a Norwalk entertainment center for children, banked at the Norwalk Savings Society, which was boug...Article on rise in number of community banks opening across Connecticut; Connecticut Banking Department reports deposits at nine out of 10 new banks have increased dramatically over past few years; industry analysts attribute growth to void left by bank mergers and acquisitions, declining price of technology and consumers' desire for better service; photos (M)"