b"Sam Apple Op-Art photo and tables on Statue of LibertySam Apple Op-Art photo and tables on Statue of LibertyA listing on June 22 with an article about Westchester choral groups misstated the information number for the Golden Apple Chorus. It is (914)935-2566.Correction of June 22 list with article about Westchester choral groups, which gave wrong phone number for Golden Apple Chorus (S)Your next personal computer may well come with its own digital chaperon.    As PC makers prepare a new generation of desktop computers with built-in hardware controls to protect data and digital entertainment from illegal copying, the industry is ...Makers of personal computers and software prepare for new generation of computing by developing more secure technology, called 'trusted computing,' to help increase privacy and security, reduce risk of identity theft and protect copyrighted entertainment content from users' copying; critics say technology will unfairly constrict users, curtail innovation and destroy openness traditional to computer culture; photos; table (M)THIS is Charles Lax's brain on speed.     Mr. Lax, a 44-year-old venture capitalist, is sitting in a conference for telecommunications executives at a hotel near Los Angeles, but he is not all here. Out of one ear, he listens to a live presentatio...Pervasiveness of communication technology is creating new obsession among business people and consumers, with disruption of family activities, meetings and other shared activities becoming commonplace; growing number of physicians and sociologists are studying impact of technology on attention span, creativity and focus; some believe near-compulsive behavior can be counterproductive and addictive; graph, drawing (M)Daisies, wild grasses and a crab apple tree grow on the High Line, one and a half miles of elevated railroad tracks running from West 34th Street to Gansevoort Street. (At right, a view from West 30th Street.) Built in the 1930's, the High Line wa...Bloomberg administration and Friends of the High Line suggest that High Line elevated railroad tracks that were retired in 1980 become elevated promenade; tracks run from West 34th St to Gansevoort St; photos of some architects' designs for project; about 100 entries will be exhibited at Grand Central Terminal (S)The PGA Tour's decision to have voluntary testing of golf clubs at tournaments next year is a positive step but does not go far enough, Tiger Woods said today after his pro-am round at the Western Open.     ''It's a step in the right direction,'' ...PGA Tour will offer golfers voluntary testing of golf clubs before next year's tournaments as way to regulate equipment; some golfers, including Tiger Woods, say this measure is not stringent enough (M)PASSIONFISH wears its fish on its sleeve. Its menu shouts fish, fish, fish while its d\xc3\xa9cor vaguely hints at it.    This newest endeavor of Tom Schaudel is at Woodlands at the Town of Oyster Bay golf course in Woodbury. Mr. Schaudel, one of the isl...Joanne Starkey reviews PassionFish restaurant in Oyster Bay, NY; photo (M)Barry White, whose deep voice and lushly orchestrated songs added up to soundtracks for seduction, died yesterday in Los Angeles. He was 58.    A statement released by his manager, Ned Shankman, said the cause was kidney failure caused by hyperten...Singer Barry White dies at age 58; photo (M)Events    ''RED, WHITE AND BLUE FESTIVAL AT INTREPID SEA-AIR-SPACE MUSEUM,'' with flag-making workshops, apple-pie eating and performances by the U.S.O. Troupe of Metropolitan New York, today, 1 to 4 p.m., the Hudson River and West 46th Street, Ma...''It would be difficult to convey to the minds of those who have never witnessed it, the sublimity that characterizes the silence of a solitude as deep as that which now reigned over the Glimmerglass,'' James Fenimore Cooper wrote in ''The Deersla...What's Doing In column describes upcoming events, sights, lodging and restaurants in Cooperstown, NY; photos; maps (M)"