b"Apple Computer, formerly the undisputed leader in sales of personal computers to schools, has steadily lost ground over the years to lower-priced PC's that run Microsoft Windows software. And these days the company faces another threat in the educ...Apple Computer, formerly undisputed leader in sales of personal computers to schools, has steadily lost ground over years to lower-priced PC's that run Microsoft Windows software; Apple faces another threat in education market: proposed class-action legal settlement by Microsoft could result in donation of hundreds of millions of dollars of Microsoft software to needy schools throughout Calif; Apple's position is that deal to resolve Calif consumers' lawsuit would let Microsoft off easily by giving some of money back to company, and would turn what should have been punishment for anticompetitive behavior into means for Microsoft to build bigger share of state's school software market; Microsoft, which is determined to secure deal and avoid another prolonged legal battle, is negotiating to try to make arrangement more palatable to Apple; research analyst says despite snags in this case, tying legal settlements to donations of products and services is becomingincreasingly common in computer industry; photo; graphs (M)Microsoft said late yesterday that it would purchase some of the assets of the Connectix Corporation, a small maker of so-called virtual machine software, based in San Mateo, Calif. The deal includes the company's flagship product, Virtual PC, whi...Microsoft Corp will purchase some of assets of Connectix Corp, small maker of so-called virtual machine software; deal includes company's flagship product, Virtual PC, which permits Macintosh users to run applications written for Microsoft Windows and Intel-based personal computers; financial terms undisclosed (S)''BALTIMORE is a quirky kind of town,'' its former mayor, Kurt Schmoke, said not long ago. ''Its heart is still working class, even if the economic realities have changed. It is suspicious of anything elegant or stylish or pretentious. We have thi...R W Apple Jr article on Baltimore and the places there to enjoy crab, city's passion; photos (L)The Griffin Mobile Total Remote started off as an attempt to create a remote control for the Apple iPod music player. It ended up as a tiny module that turns a hand-held Pocket PC computer into a master remote that can operate more than 300 kinds ...Griffin Mobile Total Remote turns hand-held Pocket PC computer into master remote that can operate more than 300 kinds of gadgets; photo (M)AMONG the things the Internet has not changed -- at least not yet -- is the amount of paper kept around. Consider personal record-keeping practices. How many folders, boxes and drawers are stuffed with old tax filings, pet vaccination records and ...Article discusses methods for organizing personal paper files on computer; one method involves scanning documents and tracking them with software that functions as digital file cabinet; another method allows user to keep documents in physical form and uses program to track items and location; both methods described; photo (M)New Chief Will Inherit A Different Deloitte Touche  The accounting firm that William G. Parrett is expected to take over in June will be far different from the one his predecessor inherited four years ago. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu has selected Mr....Dr. Eva Hall Chittenden, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas S. Chittenden of Brooklyn, was married yesterday to James Howell Glanville Jr., a son of Mr. and Mrs. Glanville Sr. of Houston. The Rev. K. Jeanne Person performed the Episcopal ceremony...  WHEN THE MESSENGER IS HOT   Stories.   By Elizabeth Crane.   210 pp. Boston:   Little, Brown & Company. $21.95.  Jennifer Reese reviews book When the Messenger Is Hot: Stories by Elizabeth Crane (M)New York has no official Little Middle East, but the two blocks of Steinway Street between 28th Avenue and Astoria Boulevard in Queens come close. Yemeni, Moroccans, Egyptians and other Arab immigrants live, work and shop along this strip. Booksto...Article on possible demise of shisha cafes on Astoria Boulevard in Queens; shisha are ornate water pipes that filter flavored tobacco; cafes, despite their popularity among local Middle Eastern residents, may have to close under city's new Smoke-Free Air Act; photo (M)That isn't Mom up there in the helicopter, making meatloaf and enchiladas, tucking in a magnesium pad to heat them up, adding vitamin-laced peanut butter, a brownie and a Tootsie Roll, sealing it all in thick, desert-tan plastic pouches and droppi...Production of new battlefield meals, which can last three years stored at 80 degrees and 11 years at 60 degrees and are designed to taste more like home cooking, intensifies as war with Iraq looms; are successors to soggy C-rations and unheatable meals, despised as unpalatable by troops in 1991 Persian Gulf War; photos (M)"