b"Those seeking visions of the new Cupertino do not have to look far. It may be found in the neat rows of shoes on front doorsteps, in the tanks of live seafood at the Tin Tin supermarket, or the shopping malls bristling with signs in Mandarin.    B...Cupertino, Calif, best known as headquarters of Apple Computer, is gaining new attention as beacon of Asian-American political participation; its population of 50,000 is 44.8 percent Asian-American, compared with less than 10 percent in 1980; nine out of 28 local elected officials are Asian-American; political rise of Kris Wang, former software engineering executive who grew up in Taiwan and was recently elected to City Council, is typical of new Asian-American elite; photo ( M)PETER MESKOURIS is clearly a ladies' man. Mr. Meskouris, 27, stood at his bar at H.K. at 523 Ninth Avenue last Sunday afternoon, talking with a pair of patrons: young women, one age 24 and the other ''six months older,'' as her friend explained, e...Shaken & Stirred column on apple martini adapted by H K restaurant; recipe; photo (M)IT was time for the Schwartzes to go legit. No more pirated music for us.     Of course, I am not talking about songs like ''A Pirate's Life For Me'' (We pillage, we plunder, we rifle and loot/Drink up me 'earties, yo ho!), but about the latter-da...Article compares downloading music illegally from Kazaa with pay services offered by iTunes Music Store from Apple Computer and Rhapsody from RealNetworks; drawing; photos (M)Little sausages to sear quickly in a pan and skewer on toothpicks make great last-minute cocktail nibbles. The new line of mini-sausages from the Aidells Sausage Company in San Leandro, Calif., come in three flavors: chicken and apple; Cajun andou...Aidells Sausage Co in San Leandro, Calif, introduces new line of mini-sausages; photo (S)SEVERAL companies have jumped onto the legal-music bandwagon (with more to come), and most have followed the trail blazed by Apple Computer with its iTunes Music Store last spring: thousands of songs available, freedom to play the music on multipl...Overview of of companies offering music to download from Internet; prices noted (M)Long Island's most innovative chardonnay last year was Macari's 2003 Early Wine, from the North Fork. Made by a consultant, Helmut Gangl, it copies his native Austria's Jungwein (Young Wine), which is intended for immediate drinking. Food-friendly...Howard Goldberg reviews Macari 2003 Early Wine (S)Phillip Y. Goldman, a Silicon Valley engineer and entrepreneur who was a co-founder of the Internet service WebTV and more recently of a company that provides a service to block junk e-mail messages, died at his home in Los Altos Hills, Calif., on...Phillip Y Goldman, Silicon Valley engineer who co-founded Internet service WebTV, dies at age 39; photo (S)To the Editor:    Re ''The Unkept Promise'' (editorial, ''Harvesting Poverty'' series, Dec. 30): You visited ''some of the poorest nations in the world in the last six months'' to arrive at the conclusion that farm subsidies ''contribute mightily'...Letter from Alan Knight of New York Farm Bureau on third-world farm imports that compete unfairly with American growers; asks why Americans should sacrifice food security and rural communities because other countries cannot get cash into hands of farmers and workersIt is a dirty little secret of the bread industry that not all bagels are bagels. Sure, that puffy dough ring sold at your local bagel shop might seem like the real deal, but chances are it isn't. True bagels are dunked in boiling water before the...Gretchen Kurtz Quick Bite column on Hoboken Hot Bagels in Hoboken, NJ; photo (M)"