b"EDYTHE LEDEE-FINNERTY chokes up when she talks about music. She says she does not know where she would be without it, especially singing. She has sung professionally as a soloist and once performed on stage with Danny Kaye. Now Ms. Ledee-Finnerty'...Article surveys choruses across Westchester County, NY, whose members number close to 1,000; groups range from Musaic, official chorus of White Plains Coalition for Cultural and Racial Harmony, which sings songs in several languages about peace, freedom and racial harmony, to Golden Apple, a cappella ensemble that is chapter of Sweet Adelines International; photos (L)With light-speed agility, an experimental chip in a QuickSilver Technology laboratory here fluidly executes the three distinct tasks of conducting a cellular phone call. The chip searches for a local cell site, verifies that the caller is an autho...Chip designers work to advance capabilities of emerging type of chip architecture known as adaptive, or reconfigurable, computing; chip simultaneously performs multiple functions, and software is able to redraw chip's physical circuitry instantaneously; adaptive computing enables single chip to perform tasks normally requiring several and it can add speed while lowering cost and energy consumption compared to today's conventional static chips in which circuitry is inflexible; QuickSilver Technology is at forefront of research in field; photos; drawings (M)Q. I use the iTunes 4 music program for the Macintosh. Do I need authorization from Apple to play A. A. C. music files that I have created myself, or just for the files that I download from the iTunes Music Store?    A. The latest version of Apple... To the Editor:    Re ''The Rich Source of Indulgence'' (June 11): When was the Cornish village of Coad's Green moved to England?  Robert Lyle letter on R W Apple Jr's June 11 article on Cornish clotted cream; comments on Cornwall's efforts to gain limited self-ruleThe innovative pizza wheel (above) is part of a new line of 24 gadgets from Zyliss USA, including peelers, whisks, spatulas and can openers. The design consultant for the line was Ideo, a Palo Alto, Calif., firm, which helped Apple design its firs...Zyliss USA has new line of 24 kitchen gadgets, including peelers, whisks, spatulas and innovative pizza wheel; photo (S)AN espalier is a plant whose branches are trained to an orderly and ornamental two-dimensional form. Hang fruit on those branches and you have a plant that offers not only beauty but also superb flavor, a result of leaves bathing freely in sun and...AN espalier is a plant whose branches are trained to an orderly and ornamental two-dimensional form. Hang fruit on those branches and you have a plant offering not only beauty but also superb flavor, a result of leaves bathing freely in sun and ai...Lee Reich Cuttings column on growing berries and other fruit in espalier form; photo (M)Kim Gaskin was waffling over what to buy at the Virtuous Woman Bakery in Voorhees. Would it be the 7-Up Bundt cake or the peach cobbler?      ''Just look at that,'' she said, pointing at the cobbler. ''It just falls over the pan.''  Wendy Ginsberg article on The Virtuous Woman Bakery in Voorhees, NJ; drawing (M)CHANTRES in Bayville tells the truth. The awning in front of this six-month-old restaurant says ''New American Bistro,'' and that's exactly what it is. Its business cards declare ''a unique dining experience in a comfortable and cozy atmosphere.''...Richard Jay Scholem reviews Chantres restaurant in Bayville, NY (A La Carte column) (M)In this lesson, students compare common food items with the parts of a plant. They then grow their own plants to assess the difficulties in assisting a plant&#8217;s growth and reproduction.In this lesson, students compare common food items with the parts of a plant. They then grow their own plants to assess the difficulties in assisting a plant&#8217;s growth and reproduction."