b"Apple Computer will increase the number of its retail stores 35 percent over the next year by opening 19 more in the United States and one in Tokyo, its first overseas. Apple, which opened its first shop two years ago and now has 57 stores in the ...Apple Computer will increase number of its retail stores 35 percent over next year by opening 19 more in US and one in Tokyo, its first overseas (S)Apple Computer said last week that its Music Store, the recent addition to the music download services on the Internet, had sold more than two million songs since the store's debut on April 28. The service offers more than 200,000 song titles from...Apple Computer says that its Internet download service Music Store has sold over two million songs at 99 cents apiece since its April 28 debut; photo; tables of music sales (S)THE Danes sell Copenhagen as the crossroads of cute. Come see the cute Little Mermaid, gazing wistfully out to sea! Come see the cute little boys in their jaunty uniforms and bearskin hats, playing soldier at Tivoli! Come see the armadas of bicycl...R W Apple Jr travel article on Copenhagen, Denmark; photos; maps (L)To the Editor:     Re ''Some Koreans Give Their Teachers the Whole Apple Tree'' (May 18): Some years ago I was teaching a first-grade class in a public school on the Upper West Side. That year I had a sweet, bright-eyed girl named Jeong in my clas...Reena Kondo letter on May 18 article on gifts from Korean parents to New York teachers recalls when parents of student, owners of produce market, refused to let her pay for fruitTHE new place on the Rue de Montalembert, a few short blocks from the Mus\xc3\xa9e d'Orsay on the Left Bank, doesn't cover its tables with snowy damask, nor does it set them with Baccarat and Christofle. In fact, it doesn't have any tables.    But it has...R W Apple Jr article on L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon, Joel Robuchon's new restaurant in Paris; photos (L)Napster, the online music service that unleashed an era of music piracy before filing for bankruptcy last year, may be about to make a legitimate comeback.    The Universal Music Group and Sony Music Entertainment are close to a deal to sell Press...Universal Music Group and Sony Music Entertainment are rumored to be near to selling their joint online music service, Pressplay, to Roxio; Roxio owns name and assets of Napster, bankrupt former online music service that unleashed era of Internet music piracy; Pressplay sale would highlight how hard it has been to attract customers to service critics say is hampered by antipiracy curbs (M)The personal computer industry began less than three decades ago, but already some of the early software programs that defined the era are an endangered species, the potential victims of ''bit rot,'' according to a prominent digital archivist.    ...Internet Archive chairman Brewster Kahle warned at recent Copyright Office session on impact of 1998 Digital Millennium Copyright Act that some early personal computer software programs are endangered; fears law's anticopying provisions and degradation of disks used to store early programs could cause them to be lost forever; drawing (M)LARRY BOCKIUS, a longtime member of the Pound Ridge Community Church, was seething. With his unkempt brows and blaze of white hair fairly quivering, he was hardly the picture of Christian forbearance. Somehow, scandalously, the key lime pie he'd b...Article on Pound Ridge Community Church's 31st annual lobster festival, which benefited town's volunteer ambulance corps in Pound Ridge, NY; focuses on festival's first annual pie-baking clinic; photos (M)So Others May Eat      Tonight from 7 to 10 p.m., Taste of the Nation, which raises funds for Share Our Strength, an organization that fights hunger, will be held at Cipriani 42nd Street, 110 East 42nd Street. More than 40 restaurants will offer t...Lee C. Bollinger, the president of Columbia University, told graduates yesterday that they had lived through a period of extraordinary changes for the nation, and that they now must help shape how America addresses those changes.    Mr. Bollinger,...Columbia University president Lee C Bollinger speaks to 10,400 graduates at commencement ceremonies; Judge Constance Baker Motley is among those receiving honorary degrees (S)"