b"To the Editor:    Thanks to R. W. Apple Jr. for taking me home again to a West Virginia ramp feed (''Ah, the Sweet Smell of Spring,'' April 30). Although my father, H. G. Rhawn, a newspaper editor and publisher in Clarksburg, W.Va., was born and r...to complete a ramp**Harriette R Behringer letter on R W Apple Jr's article on ramps, and ramp feed in West Virginia To the Editor:     Re ''Online Piper, Payable by the Tune'' (State of the Art, May 1), about Apple's new on-line music service:   Letrer from Dan Joseph on May 1 State of the Art column on Apple's new on-line music serviceThe gathering here of 400 of Hewlett-Packard's top scientists and engineers was intended to reassure them that the company was determined not to depart from its historic focus on research and development.    ''HP Invent is not just an advertising ...Hewlett-Packard's $3 billion cost-cutting effort, critical to company's success, poses serious challenge to its ability to innovate and invent in fast-consolidating computer industry; researcher layoffs and development budget cuts threaten success of crucial cooperation among company's engineers and scientists to restore HP's ability to compete; chief executive Carleton S Fiorina reiterates company's dedication to innovation; photo; table of leading technology companies' research and development spending (M)Q. I receive messages that say I have run out of disk space when in fact I have space -- not in the C drive, but in the D, E or F drives. I would like to unpartition the hard drive. Would that require reformatting it? Is there a less cumbersome al...The three main stock market indexes rose for the fourth consecutive week, while the bond market had its best performance in years.     The Federal Reserve on Tuesday indicated that it would keep interest rates down to prevent low inflation from tu...Stock and bond market performance in week of May 5-9 noted; graphs (S)For the last six months, Jonathan Miller, the chief executive of the America Online division of AOL Time Warner, has pointed to the company's own cable channel HBO as the blueprint for a revival of the shrinking AOL service. His plan is to sell su...Jonathan Miller, chief executive of America Online division of AOL Time Warner Inc, sees company's cable television channel, HBO, as model for reviving shrinking AOL service; stresses sales of access to panoply of add-on programming and communication tools in search for own counterpart to HBO programming hit; photo (M)'Cloud of Bloom'    Q. Can you suggest a fragrant spring-blooming shrub that is hardy in Camden, Me., and is not a viburnum or a lilac? It's for a featured spot beside the steps to my front porch, so it can't be too large. The site faces southeast...Bob Walter, a prominent horse breeder whose champion Cavonnier finished second in the 1996 Kentucky Derby, died on Wednesday at his home in Sebastopol, Calif. He was 86.    The cause was acute leukemia, his family said.   Bob Walter, prominent horse breeder in California, dies at 86 (S)Jack Gelber, whose play ''The Connection,'' with its raw, graphic depiction of the dead-end life of drug addicts, sent a shock wave through contemporary American theater, died yesterday in Manhattan. He was 71 and lived in Manhattan.     The cause...Jack Gelber, whose play The Connection sent shock wave through contemporary American theater, dies at 71; photo (M)Taking ballpoint to paper napkin, Caralyn Kampa jotted a crude map of this city's Magnificent Mile, with several numbered spots marking restaurant recommendations. A cozy place for dinner with outdoor seating. Brunch overlooking the bustle of Mich...Chicago Journal on volunteer greeters, like accountant Caralyn Kampa, who show visitors around city under year-old program modeled on ones in New York and elsewhere; photo of Kampa with visitors from Kansas (M)"