b"More than a thousand unsuspecting Internet users around the world have recently had their computers hijacked by hackers, who computer security experts say are using them for pornographic Web sites.    The hijacked computers, which are chosen by th...More than thousand unsuspecting Internet users around world have recently had their computers hijacked by hackers, who computer security experts say are using them for pornographic Web sites; hijacked computers are secretly loaded with software that makes them send explicit Web pages advertising pornographic sites and offer to sign visitors up as customers; activity is likely to go unnoticed unless owner of hijacked computer is technologically sophisticated; independent computer researcher Richard M Smith says ring can be traced to Russian senders of spam, or unwanted commercial e-mail; diagram; photo (M)Moving away from a pay system that showered riches on a generation of entrepreneurs and engineers, Microsoft said yesterday that it would no longer grant stock options, relying instead on actual awards of stock to help pay its 50,000 employees.   ...Microsoft will no longer grant stock options, relying instead on actual awards of stock to help pay its 50,000 employees; company that showered riches on its early entrepreneurs and engineers hopes to encourage workers hired after about 1997, who did not benefit from huge gains; shift also underlines Microsoft's transition from growth-oriented technology to more mature company that needs to keep talented workers tempted by potential riches at start-ups; Microsoft has created more than 1,000 millionaires and now has about 1.6 billion options outstanding, but price has tumbled from peak of $178 in March 1999 to $27.70 now, making options far less attractive; Ballmer and founder Bill Gates both own huge chunks of stock but never got stock options; photo; top 600 managers will now get stock grants based on cutomer satisfaction and revenue growth (M)''We've got 12 . . . wait, 13. Another just came in!''    On the hunt for 30 seconds, Gary Morse is jazzed. We've walked about 45 feet down Avenue of the Americas in Midtown Manhattan, and he has been counting the number of chirrups coming from th...Erik Sherman articQ.Is there a simple way to eliminate the unpleasant high-pitched sounds you hear while a modem connection is established?    A. Although the screeches, toots and warbles you hear may sound like R2-D2 having a very bad day, they are actually a seri...IN his native West Virginia, George Cicci arouses curiosity when he gets on stage at local open-mike events and turns out beats on his iBook laptop between sets of bluegrass guitarists and rockabilly bands. While the crowd is always receptive to t...Laptop music is new trend; Manhattan's Openair club offers jam sessions every Sunday where performers share their creations, composed or improvised; photos (M)Sarah Cole, an assistant professor of English and comparative literature, and Martin A. Vogelbaum, a financial executive, were married last evening by Rabbi Charles Davidson at the Rainbow Room in New York.    The bride, 35, teaches at Columbia Un...NYACK'S famous street fair  scheduled for next Sunday -- is one reason this charming Rockland County town attracts visitors from surrounding counties and states. Wide sidewalks accommodate strollers as well as people-watchers who occupy tables spi...M H Reed reviews Lu Shane's restaurant in Nyack, NY; photos (M)Kip Bedell is an informal, no-nonsense, waste-no-words man. He prefers his nickname to his first name (John). So it's no surprise that two of his popular wines carry no-frills labels: Main Road Red and Main Road White.    Main Road, aka Route 25, ...Howard Goldberg reviews Main Road White and Main Road Red wines from Bedell Cellars; photo (Long Island Vines column) (M)Rooting, Step by Step    Q. I finally worked up the courage to ask my neighbors if I could take cuttings of their gorgeous black elder. Now what? I have never rooted cuttings before.    A. The wine-dark leaves, pale pink blossoms and tasty berries...As he walked through the entrance to Center Court for the most important match of his life, Roger Federer, like all the would-be champions before him, passed under the words of Rudyard Kipling:    If you can meet with triumph and disaster  Roger Federer defeats Mark Philippoussis in three sets to win Wimbledon and first Grand Slam championship; photos (M)"