b"IT'S the wacky parlor game that's sweeping the country: Design That Business Model!    You're a recording-industry executive. You believe that those crazy kids, with their long music and loud hair, are eating into your profits by swapping digital ...David Pogue State of the Art column describes latest technology for downloading music; reviews Apple iTunes, MusicMatch, BuyMusic and Napster 2.0; compares download process and costs for service from four companies; drawing (M)LET there be light. (Raffaele De Ritis is striding through sawdust and shouting ''Lights!'') Let there be music. (Now he's shouting ''Rob,'' and Rob Slowik is the musical director.) Let there be action. (Not just from 27 performers, but also 4 cam...Glenn Collins column interviews Raffaele De Ritis, director of Big Apple Circus' 'Carnevale!,' which is currently being performed in New York City; photo (M)OF all the distinctively flavored seeds, barks, roots, fruits and leaves that we call spices, pepper is the most widely used, and for centuries it was the most valuable.    In ancient times, the demand for pepper was almost insatiable; spicing mea...R W Apple Jr article on pepper, most widely used of all spices; recalls that in ancient times, demand for pepper was almost insatiable; discusses cultivation and export of pepper in India, Vietnam and some other countries; photos (L)Photo of Halloween trick-or-treaters at Scarsdale, New York, nursery schoolPhoto of Halloween trick-or-treaters at Scarsdale, New York, nursery schoolOnline subscription music services from RealNetworks have 250,000 paying subscribers, the company said yesterday. That number, announced as part of the company's earnings statement for the third quarter, is a 46 percent increase over membership in...Online subscription music services from RealNetworks have 250,000 paying subscribers, 46 percent increase over membership in second quarter (S)1Aubrey de Grey took the stage of the Camden Opera House, tugging at a beard worthy of Methuselah, to tell his listeners that they could triumph over death.    Mr. de Grey was not selling an afterlife or a metaphor. He is a geneticist at the Univer...Article on Pop!Tech, annual technology conference in Camden, Me; speakers addressed such issues as reversing aging and defeating death, regenerating human limbs and tissue and making art of DNA by inserting coded messages into genes of bacteria; photos (M)EVER wonder why the audio capacity of a standard compact disk is 74 minutes? Thank Beethoven -- and Norio Ohga.    In the early 1980's, Sony was helping to develop a new digital music technology. Mr. Ohga, then the company's president, insisted th...Suggestions from 11 prominent men and women working in different fields for technology or gadgets they want to see invented; ideas discussed; suggestions are offered by Electronic Frontier Foundation co-founder and vice chairman John Perry Barlow, cartoonist Scott Adams, tennis player Martina Navratilova, television football commentator Cris Collingsworth, Lucent Technologies chairwoman and chief executive Patricia F Russo, Federal Communications Commission chairman Michael K Powell, real estate developer Donald J Trump, musician Moby, actress-comedian Margaret Cho, novelist William Gibson and Sun Microsystems co-founder Bill Joy; drawings (L)In the last decade a new record business has been forming online. It has been coalescing by trial and error, largely error. And its evolution is in no way complete as it moves toward a finish line at the rate of one step forward for every nine-ten...Neil Strauss Pop Life column explores future of online music business, which has evolved slowly over past decade; holds that while technology and will are there, full cooperation from record labels and publishers is lacking (M)''LOCATION, location, location'' is no longer a truism limited to real estate agents: it has become the mantra of a growing number of wireless companies as they seek new ways to track people and things.    Inside stores, hospitals, warehouses and ...Indoor positioning system is being developed to track surgeons, nurses, patients and equipment at Massachusetts General Hospital; system improves emergency reaction time; photos (M)For $120 a month, a dedicated dieter can buy a full month's supply of Dr. Phil's Shape Up ''weight management supplement and complete multivitamin'' stew.     And while Dr. Phillip C. McGraw says the products can be an important part of a weight-l...Experts on battling obesity question efficacy of nutritional supplements, including those promoted by Dr Phillip C McGraw, in spurring weight loss; McGraw admits assertion that people who are apple-shaped need different supplements than those who are pear-shaped may not hold up; table of data on supplement (M)"