b"To the Editor:     ''Apple's Latest 0.1 Adds a Lot'' (State of the Art, Oct. 23), about the 10.3 version of the Mac OS X operating system, known as Panther, hits the nail on the head when it asks whether devoted Apple users are frustrated by havin...Zachary Knower letter on Oct 23 article agrees that Apple users pay too much for yearly operating system upgradesMicrosoft said yesterday that it had licensed I.B.M. microchip technology for use in its Xbox game consoles, a step that could help make I.B.M. the leading chip maker in the video game business.     The announcement was sketchy on details, but ind...Microsoft Corp has licensed IBM microchip technology for use in its Xbox game consoles, step that could help make IBM leading chip maker in video game business; industry analysts say agreement is significant endorsement for IBM and setback for Intel Corp, which makes microprocessors that power today's Xbox consoles; pact applies to next generation of Xbox consoles, which analysts expect to be introduced in 2005 or 2006 (M)RYAN MILLER, singer and guitarist for the band Guster, has mixed feelings about his iPod digital music player.    He has put all of his favorite songs -- from a thousand CD's -- on the device, the most practical way to take all that music on tour....Album cover art has declined with advent of downloading digital music from Internet; some companies and online music retailers, like iTunes, are researching new ways to deliver album cover art; photos (M)AS Steve Linford walks his German shepherd, Zen, across the gangway from his houseboat into his prim little garden on this small island in the Thames, he hardly looks like a man in a battle over the future of cyberspace. He has a salt-and-pepper b...Steve Linford leads fight against junk e-mail through Spamhaus Project, which compiles dossiers on spammers and addresses of computers they use and makes that information available to Internet service providers so that they can weed spam from subscribers' e-mail boxes; warns that e-mail, which he calls most incredible communication vehicle invented, is on verge of being made useless by spam, which, by some counts, now makes up as much as 80 percent of all e-mail; is considered vigilante by most of marketers that he targets, who say they do no send spam, and the Internet companies he pressures to stop doing business with spammers say he can be too aggressive, but most Internet service providers regard him as best source of information about spammers; photos; Spamhaus's list of 10 most prolific spammers worldwide in November 2003 (L)SINCE the 18th century, pomologists have rated one apple variety as best: New York City's own Newtown Pippin. Revered by the nation's founders, this greenish-yellow lopsided fruit still exemplifies what used to be called high flavor, an almost qua...Newtown Pippin, apple variety that arose in New York City in late 17th century or early 18th century, has long been regarded by pomologists as the best; greenish-yellow lopsided fruit, revered by nation's founders, still exemplifies what used to be called high flavor; photos (L)ALL-LEATHER seats. Extra legroom. Live satellite television at your seat. Minimalist, whimsical flourishes on the sides of the planes, and oh yeah, low fares.    If you are thinking that sounds like JetBlue, the three-year-old upstart airline, who...Song, new low-fare service of Delta Air Lines, hopes to attract glamorous following by opening store in SoHo featuring sleek electronics and installation art; is portraying store as one-stop shop for fly-and-buy set; photo (M)ON THE EDGE of this trip-back-in-time, red-brick-and-sandstone Colonial hamlet on the Bergen County border is a road sign reading ''Restaurant Row.'' This is something of a misnomer: though five fairly ambitious restaurants are scattered about tow...David Corcoran reviews Village Grille in Tappan, NY; photo (M)Of all the Beatles recordings, none has a history as fraught as ''Let It Be,'' and on Nov. 18 Capitol Records will add another wrinkle to the story, with the release of ''Let It Be . . . Naked.''    One thing listening to the new album makes clear...As I was driving south a few months ago from Jackson toward Cora beneath the Wind River Range in western Wyoming, I noticed a herd of antelope grazing in a pasture, separated by a barbed-wire fence from the blacktop that stretched in a diminishing...Jason Epstein article on barbecue prepared by Tim Boyd at his ranch in Wyoming; recipes; photo (M)"