b"I'M a big-time mangosteen addict, which presents problems.    The mangosteen -- a tropical fruit about the size of a tangerine, whose leathery maroon shell surrounds moist, fragrant, snow-white segments of ambrosial flesh -- can't get a visa. Mang...R W Apple Jr comments on his addiction to mangosteen, tropical fruit about size of tangerine, which he says cannot be legally imported into United States because it can be infested with Mediterranean fruit fly; says irradiation may one day solve that problem if concerns about safety can be overcome; photos (L)Over the years, Microsoft's flagship product, the Windows operating system for personal computers, has been denigrated by the company's critics as buggy, crash-prone and confusing to use. But a group of computer security experts went further yeste...Computer and Communications Industry Association experts say Microsoft Corp's Windows operating system for personal computers is threat to national security because of its complex design and monopoly reach; association is appealing government's antitrust settlement with Microsoft, and earlier this year, it filed antitrust complaint against software company with European Commission (M)Perhaps because of its geographic remoteness, Dartmouth College in the small town of Hanover, N.H., has long been willing to try novel means of communication.    The college introduced e-mail messaging to campus in the 1980's, well ahead of most o...Dartmouth College is venturing into world of 'voice over Internet protocol,' also known as VoIP, which essentially turns computer into telephone; 1,000 students entering class of 2007 will be given option of downloading software, generically known as softphones, onto Windows-based computers; students can make local or long-distance calls free using software together with handset, which can be plugged into computer's UBS port; photo (M)IN the tech world, the slender liquid crystal display monitor has become synonymous with cool, making steady inroads against its rotund predecessor, the cathode ray tube. By the fall of 2002, sales of flat-panel L.C.D. monitors in the United State...Recent improvements in liquid crystal display technology help win over even most discriminating eyes of design professionals and others who prized cathode ray tube for color quality and fluid rendering of motion; series of illustrations shows workings of LCD (M)Q. I have heard that the Windows XP operating system will let users set up individual identities when they boot up a shared PC. How does this work?    A. Windows XP allows users of a single computer to set up separate accounts, enabling them to cu...Sarah Ward was stunned when the record industry sued her for being a music pirate.    Mrs. Ward, a 66-year-old sculptor and retired schoolteacher, received notice on Sept. 11 from the Recording Industry Association of America that she was being ac...Recording Industry Association of America drops suit against 66-year-old Sarah Ward, who was included in 261 lawsuits filed by industry over file-sharing of copyrighted music, but reserves right to sue again; industry denies that any mistake was made; Ward says she does not trade music, does not have any younger music-loving relatives with her, and does not use her computer for much more than sending e-mail; those opposed to recording industry's legal tactics say case suggests that methods used to track down music pirates are flawed; argue that Ward is probably not only mistaken case in recording industry dragnet; Cindy Cohn, legal director of Electronic Frontier Foundation, advocacy group concerned with civil liberties in digital age, says her organization is talking with dozens of people who say they have been sued but do not trade files; photo (M)In the late afternoon sun, the Empire and Golden Delicious apples that cling to the trees in the Crist Brothers orchard here look almost too perfect -- as if a food stylist had sneaked in and done some retouching. Hefty, smooth and deeply hued, th...New York apple farmers have bumper crop after several years in which drought, hail, hurricane and frost devastated apples in Hudson Valley; expect harvest of 24 million bushels, up from 16 million last year, when late frost killed blossoms on many trees; photos (L)Since Thomas A. Edison recorded the human voice in 1877, the music industry has grappled with the uncertainties wrought by new technologies.      ''The form changes, but the issues -- who owns the music, what rights pertain to artists, what rights...Experts note recording industry has faced uncertainties wrought by new technologies since its founding; expect Internet to force structural changes in music industry (M) ORCHARD   By Larry Watson.   Random House, $24.95.  Don O'Keefe reviews book Orchard by Larry Watson (S)Summer ends the same way every year at Rincon Criollo, a tiny wooden bungalow at Brook Avenue and 158th Street in the Bronx.    Jose Soto eats an apple from the apple tree he planted 30 years ago. Louis Ramos tends his pepper and tomato gardens in...Rincon Criollo in Bronx, one of oldest Puerto-Rican style casitas in New York, is threatened with displacement to make room for low-income housing; casita is half hangout, half cultural center; photos (M)"