b"Since the introduction of vinyl records after World War II, recorded music has assumed many shapes and sizes, each one coming with a higher price tag than the last. Eight-track tapes cost a dollar more than LP's when they rose to popularity in the...Huge catalogues of music will soon be available for sale on Internet as record companies, suffering from slow sales, note success of Apple's ITunes; price war is expected; photos (L)EVEN before he began sketching the redesign of a best-selling mini audio component system, the kind that is basic operating equipment for millions of teenagers and young adults, Justin Jakobson, a 24-year-old designer for Sony, knew his target cus...Designers of electronic products are starting to mute some of masculine appeal they built into gadgets for years, creating items that are attractive to both sexes; both men and women want things that are light and easy to use, melding of form with function; examples of design evolution noted; photos (L)WHEN Christina Fazzone wanted to plan a leaf-peeping trip for some friends from California recently, she didn't want to leave things to chance. Mrs. Fazzone, a real estate investor from Farmington, Conn., spent an entire day online, checking out f...Article on Web sites that offer information about fall foliage trips around Northeast; photos (M)ONE of the most fabled -- and faded -- names in consumer marketing, Polaroid, is seeking a fresh start after years of setbacks. The company, whose instant-photography products have fallen far behind their digital counterparts, is hiring a new agen...Polaroid Corp names Euro RSCG Worldwide in New York as global agency for wide variety of marketing assignments for its instant cameras and film; aim is to revitalize brand that has fallen far behind digital counterparts; photo (M)Marcy Rachel Charap, a daughter of Abbi K. Fox and Alan I. Charap, both of Tiburon, Calif., was married yesterday to Donald Evan Ginsburg, a son of Margo and Dr. Lee R. Ginsburg of Doylestown, Pa. Rabbi Stacy Friedman officiated at the Concordia-A...EVEN on rainy days, the parking lot at Rose Orchards in North Branford, Conn., looks like a drive-in theater, with cars lined up side by side in neat rows. The occupants are not looking up at a big screen, but down into their plates, digging into ...Fresh baked pies are sold at Rose Orchards, family farm in North Branford, Conn; photo (S)There seemed little doubt, as Le Monde, the French daily, put it some days ago, that Mozart is no longer the most famous Austrian.    The party went all night in Graz, near Arnold Schwarzenegger's birthplace, Thal, in southern Austria. After a gre...Austrians in Arnold Schwarznegger's hometown of Graz celebrate actor's election as governor of California; photo; Europeans elsewhere seem bemused (S)A NOTICEABLE trend so far this year - at least in Fairfield County - has been seafood restaurants, the latest being Shore House Tavern in Stamford. Even new restaurants that do not boldly proclaim seafood feature it prominently on their menus.    ...Patricka Brooks reviews Shore House Tavern in Stamford, Conn; photo (M)THE pretty white cottage, with its shutters and small pond and waterfall, at 90 North Country Road in Miller Place has gone Italian. For years, when this spot was Dublin Delights, diners enjoyed the Irish breakfast and fish and chips. Then, for a ...Joanne Starkey reviews Colucci's restaurant in Miller Place, NY; photo (M)They say all politics is local. It would seem, however, that the politics of baseball is not.    Consider Rafael Luciano, who was playing checkers yesterday on 170th Street in Washington Heights. Mr. Luciano, a Dominican, has lived in New York Cit...Dominican-Americans living in Washington Heights, New York City, are torn between rooting in playoff series for New York Yankees, home team, or many great Dominican players on Boston Red Sox; Red Sox all-star Manny Ramirez grew up in neighborhood; photo (M)"