b"THE road twisted up into the hills, smooth one minute, potholed the next, taking us away from the clamor of Kochi, the biggest city in Kerala, which occupies the southeastern corner of the vast Indian subcontinent.    By my count, Ramesh, our dive...R W Apple travel article on visit to Periyar Wildlife Sanctuary and other spots in Kerala, India; photos (L)Because of an editing error, an events listing in the Long Island section on Sunday for the Big Apple Circus's nine-day run at the C. W. Post campus of Long Island University in Brookville misstated the opening day. It is this Saturday; it was not...Correction of events listing in May 9 Long Island section for Big Apple Circus's nine-day run at C W Post campus of Long island UniversityI.B.M. plans to announce today a software strategy for corporate desktop personal computers and hand-held devices -- one that is firmly anchored in the company's strength in data centers.    The I.B.M. offerings include new Lotus Workplace softwar...IBM plans software strategy for corporate desktop personal computers and hand-held devices that has most of key software residing on server computers in corporate data centers; will offer alternatives to Microsoft's Office programs build on free software from open source project; says system offers improved security and cost savings of up to 50 percent over Microsoft desktop suite (M)AS Google's white-hot initial stock offering hogs the headlines, its rivals can only gnash their teeth and wonder: How did a couple of Stanford Ph.D. dropouts build an outrageously profitable billion-dollar-a-year company in only five years?     P...David Pogue State of the Art column on Gmail, free electronic mail being tested by Google; Gmail offers embedded links relevant to e-mail subject and one gigabyte of storage; photo; drawing (M)WHOSE HOUSE?   By Barbara Seuling.   Illustrated by Kay Chorao.   Unpaged. San Diego:   Gulliver Books/Harcourt. $16.   (Ages 3 to 7)     ONE SMALL PLACE IN A TREE   By Barbara Brenner.   Illustrated by Tom Leonard.   Unpaged. New York:   HarperCo...Maud Lavin reviews following books: Whose House? by Barbara Seuling; One Small Place in a Tree by Barbara Brenner; and The Frog House by Mark Taylor (M)Paula Cooper  534 West 21st Street  Chelsea  Through July 2      On paper, at least, Claes Oldenburg has not lost his touch. The monumental Pop-style sculptures he produces in collaboration with his partner, Coosje van Bruggen, have been consisten...Ken Johnson reviews works by Claes Oldenburg and Coosje van Bruggen at Paula Cooper Gallery (M)  MISS BRIDIE   Chose a Shovel   By Leslie Connor.   Illustrated by Mary Azarian.   Unpaged. Boston:   Houghton Mifflin Company. $16. (Ages 4 to 8)  Jane O'Reilly reviews book Miss Bridie Chose a Shovel by Leslie Connor; drawing (M)THE CAT WHO WALKED ACROSS FRANCE   By Kate Banks.   Illustrated by Georg Hallensleben.   Unpaged. New York:   Frances Foster Books/   Farrar, Straus & Giroux. $16.   (Ages 4 to 8)     CR\xc3\x8aPES BY SUZETTE   Written and illustrated   by Monica Welling...Adam Gopnik reviews following books: The Cat Who Walked Across France by Kate Banks; Crepes by Suzette by Monica Wellington; and A Spree in Paree by Catherine Stock; drawing (M)Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain is facing the greatest crisis of his political career -- greater than even that of the Iraq war. Mr. Blair, having steadfastly refused a referendum on whether the nation will accept the new European Constitutio...Op-Ed article by Antony Beevor of Britain explains why he will vote against draft version of European Constitution; says it is almost entirely about amassing power for superstate, outdated concept at time when globalization is demanding flexibility; says it is antidemocratic because European Union bureaucracy in Brussels and European Parliament in Strasbourg are consistently out of touch with ordinary people; says resulting frustrations are dangerous because they produce voter rage, which plays into hand of right-wing extremists; hopes his fellow Britons will vote 'no'; drawing (M)Now that Larry Silverstein, the World Trade Center leaseholder, has lost his bid to double his insurance payout, it is not clear where the money to fulfill the master plan for ground zero will come from. The 1,776-foot-high Freedom Tower, which pr...Article on possibility of turning World Trade Center site into grand urban park for downtown Manhattan; landscape-architecture firms Ken Smith Landscape, James Corner, West 8 Landscape, DIRT Studio offer proposals; renderings; maps (M)"