b"A front-page article on Saturday about an increase in noise complaints linked to musicians' increasing use of their apartments as recording studios referred incorrectly in some copies to GarageBand music software from Apple Computer. It is include...Correction of Feb 21 article about increase in noise complaints linked to musicians' increasing use of their apartments as recording studios, which referred incorrectly in some copies to GarageBand music software from Apple ComputerIn May, 2002, Representative Tom Sawyer, an eight-term Democrat, was handed a stunning primary election defeat by 28-year-old Tim Ryan in a district stretching from Akron to Youngstown. The major issue was trade.    Some people in and around Ohio ...Some Ohio politicians see bitterness in northern Ohio cities about loss of jobs because of free trade giving Sen John Edwards chance to upset Sen John Kerry, strong favorite in Democratic presidential primary; Edwards plays up Kerry's vote for North American Free Trade agreement and his own misgivings about accord in speeches and television commercial; Kerry, fighting back, launches 'jobs tour' across area of maximum economic distress and maximum Democratic voting strength; both candidates woo suffering Rust Belt workers; photo (M)Q. I have a Gateway PC running Windows XP. Would I be able to install the Macintosh operating system on my computer, or is that impossible?    A. The Macintosh operating system code is written to work with Macintosh-specific hardware, which uses a...The latest skin-refining masks rely on enzymes derived from plants and fruits, including pineapple, papaya and sugar cane, which are said to exfoliate more gently than acid peels. ''They're effective and nonirritating, especially for people who ha...New skin-refining masks that contain plant and fruit enzymes described; photo (Pulse column) (S)Elizabeth Edwards, the wife of Senator John Edwards, the presidential candidate, visited New York yesterday to woo some of the city's disparate electoral groups, meeting with rabbis to discuss Mideast policy and Staten Island Ferry commuters to ta...Elizabeth Edwards, wife of Sen John Edwards campaigns for her husband in New York City days before state's Democratic presidential primary; photo (M)The Gold Coast of Long Island needs more opulence the way the Yankees' Alex Rodriguez needs a raise, but early this year, another million-dollar bauble rolled into East Egg.    It is the first Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren ever made, a silver coupe th...Juliana Terian pays $2.1 million for first Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren ever made and puts it on display at her dealership, Rallye Motors in Roslyn, NY; she is still deciding whether to hold it for awhile or sell it right away; photo (M)For much of the Martha Stewart trial, the onlookers in Courtroom 110 in the Old Federal Courthouse in Manhattan have been focusing on big issues: Will the judge throw out the securities fraud charge? Will Ms. Stewart testify on her own behalf?    ...Article on technically forensic experts in ink analysis who have provided some of fireworks at Martha Stewart securities fraud trial; prosecution's expert is Larry F Stewart (no relation) and defense's expert is Albert H Lyter III (M)Float like a butterfly,     Sting like a bee.    Want someone for an ad?     Call Muhammad Ali.      THAT, or something like it, must be the newest doggerel making the rounds of Madison Avenue.   Muhammed Ali appears in advertisements for three blue-chip brands: Gillette, IBM and Adidas; it is increasingly common for more than one ad campaign at a time to share elements like a celebrity endorser (M)THE director Jim Sheridan did not put a lampshade on his head during the party to celebrate his movie's three Oscar nominations, but late on a Thursday night in New York he did prance around in a wig. Mr. Sheridan, who lives in Dublin, was passing...Good Company column describes scene at Oscar party in Hell's Kitchen hosted by John Fitzpatrick honoring director Jim Sheridan, whose movie In America has received three Oscar nominations; photos (M)FOR Sunday brunch there was turkey, sweet potatoes, carrots, pot pie and Granny Smith apples. It was followed by dessert -- half an apple and fudge.     ''He'll eat anything,'' said Maddy Tarnofsky, slicing pieces of the carob fudge in her cramped...Interview with Maddie Tarnofsky, New York City dog owner and lawyer, who defends tenants threatened with eviction for keeping pets; photo (M)"