b"Apple Computer and the BMW Group announced an agreement yesterday to permit Apple's iPod digital music players to integrate more easily with certain BMW and Mini Cooper models. An adapter designed by the two companies makes it possible to play mus...Apple Computer and BMW Group agree to permit Apple's iPod digital music players to integrate more easily with certain BMW and Mini Cooper models through use of adapter designed by both companies (S)Many people freed from the tangled tyranny of cables cannot imagine life without their wireless networks. Now a tiny new creation from Apple Computer makes it possible to go wireless from any room that has a broadband connection.    Shiny, white a...AirPort Express from Apple plugs into electrical outlet and has jacks for Ethernet and USB cables; any wireless computer in room can share Internet and local network; photo (S)After several rocky years for the European music business, some of the biggest labels are hoping that the new digital music services can help stem the tide.     Apple Computer Inc. started its iTunes service in Britain, France and Germany last wee...European record companies hope arrival of new digital music services from Apple Computer, Roxio Inc and Sony will help revive market that has been damaged by file-sharing even more than US market has; losses in European operations have forced many labels to cut expenditures on music marketing and winnow their repertoires of poorly selling artists; back-office employees are being let go by hundreds, and several smaller independents have been forced into bankruptcy; photo (M)WHEN I first met Ruth Rogers, which was more than 20 years ago, she had punk-pink hair, at least in the front. ''That was just a little phase,'' she says.    With her partner, Rose Gray, Ms. Rogers now runs the River Caf\xc3\xa9, a hugely successful rest...R W Apple Jr reports on eating at River Cafe, Italian-style restaurant in London; photo of partners, Ruth Rogers and Rose Gray; other photos (L)Having paid less attention than their predecessors to Silicon Valley for much of the campaign, Senator John Kerry and President Bush today announced new proposals to aid the growth of high-tech businesses. Not surprisingly, each argued that the ot...Sen John Kerry and Pres Bush announce new proposals to aid growth of high-tech businesses and both focus on expanding high-speed Internet access to inner cities and rural areas; Kerry, in campaign swing through Silicon Valley, promises to increase government financing for technology research and proposes eliminating capital gains taxes for investments in small businesses; Bush endorses continuation of ban on taxing Internet access and promises to auction parts of government-owned radio spectrum to allow greater use of wireless broadband connections (M)WOULDN'T it be great if your laptop came with a light-up keyboard? It would make it much easier to type in a darkened room or airplane cabin.    If you own one of eight million I.B.M. laptops of relatively recent vintage, you have just such a ligh...As printed manuals grow scarcer and features multiply in computers, electronic gadgets and software, consumers are more on their own in learning how devices work and finding hidden features; some users are thrilled when then stumble on features, while others are annoyed that they have little idea as to how to utilize powerful tools; photo; drawing (M)Q. When I use Internet Explorer for Windows, I often get a message that says ''Runtime Error has occurred. Do you wish to debug?'' What does this mean, and is there a way to avoid it?    A. An Internet Explorer runtime error -- one that occurs whe...AUTO DA FAY, by Fay Weldon. (Grove, $14.) Unlike many of the female characters in her dozens of breezy novels, Weldon comes off as a no-nonsense, pragmatic, resilient heroine in her own life story. Born in England and raised in New Zealand, she wa...PUTTING fizz into the Fourth of July is easy on the East End. Party givers can find the top local sparkling wines at old reliable producers like Lenz, Pugliese and W\xc3\xb6lffer and, newly, at Martha Clara.     In a sampling of six sparklers, my favorit...Howard Goldberg reviews several sparkling wines; photo (Long Island Vines column) (M)LIMITING sparkling wines to celebratory aperitif or dessert duty shortchanges them. They can complement any food: oysters, lobster, roast duck, grilled vegetables, risotto or a plate of buttery cheeses.     As the tasting panel worked through an a...Florence Fabricant suggests recipe for buttermilk fried chicken with sweet cabbage slaw to enjoy with glass of champagne; recipe (S)"