b"A man who robbed an Apple Bank on 18th Avenue in Bensonhurst with a handgun yesterday was being sought by the police last night. He handed a note to a teller around 10 A.M. and fled with an undetermined amount of money, the police said. There were...Armed man robs Apple Bank in Bensonhurst section of Brooklyn; photo (S)To the Editor:    Re ''Named for a Fruit?'' (May 30:    I too was a counterculture parent, and 33 years ago I named my daughter Apple. When she was in elementary school, she got teased a lot, and like Strawberry Saroyan, she tried to change her na...Barbara Chapman letter on Strawberry Saroyan's May 30 article on people named for fruitHEY, it's not rocket science. And it's not brain surgery. But if your background is in either, you're welcome to take a shot and apply at Google. The company's employees include a former rocket scientist and a former brain surgeon.    Mostly, Goog...Randall Stross article holds decision by Google founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page to organize company around desire of top talent to work with other top talent on interesting projects of own choosing gives company key edge; notes Brin and Page have purposely placed PH.D's throughout company; they encourage all employees to act as researchers by spending 20 percent of their time on new projects of their own choosing; list sundry conveniences for employees in initial public offering and warn investors to expect them to add rather than pare down benefits; drawing (M)Because of a production error, the last line of a poem that appeared on the Op-Ed page on Monday was dropped. The last stanza should read:      Forgive me says the man still in his seat,    I have been rude, I did not mean (gets up)    my name is ...Correction: last line of May 31 Op-Ed page poem was dropped; text of last stanza (German Cemetery, La Cambe, Normandy, 2003, Computer Terminal)Jorie Graham Op-Ed poem, Soldatenfriedhof, on German cemetery at La Cambe, Normandy (S)  THE FATE OF   FAMILY FARMING   Variations on an American Idea.   By Ronald Jager.   244 pp. University Press   of New England. $26.  Dominique Browning reviews book The Fate of Family Farming: Variations on an American Idea by Ronald Jager; drawing (M)CONTROVERSY clings to rhubarb. For nonadmirers its very name elicits snickers about medicinal-tasting concoctions or baseball brawls, but to devotees its rosy color and bracingly tart flavor are emblematic of spring, of idylls in grandma's garden....It is prime season for rhubarb, which is gaining popularity as more chefs feature it on their menus; recipes; photos (M)MARIA RITA -- One peril of contemporary Brazilian pop is that though the singers may be sublime and the songwriting at a high level, there's a strange disconnection about backup bands. It's rare to find a performance going on behind a singer that ...Playlist; Ben Ratliff notes and briefly reviews new albums of interest; photos (M)IT has not been an easy few years for French bistros. No, I'm not talking about the places like DB Bistro Moderne, which is a bistro the way Gramercy Tavern is a corner bar. I mean the neighborhood places, the modest French restaurants that prolif...Eric Asimov reviews French bistro Le Quinze in Manhattan; photo (M)RAISING an animated movie star can be a thankless task. But behind most of the major Disney characters is a brutally slaughtered, cruelly overlooked mother. These unheralded women make rare public appearances in a new show by the comedy duo Kathy ...Excerpt from play Afterbirth: Kathy and Mo's Greatest Hits by Kathy Najimy and Mo Gaffney at Second Stage Theater; photo (M)"