b"To the Editor:    I read ''To Quiet a Whirring Computer, Fight Noise With Noise'' (What's Next, May 27) with amusement and, as a devoted Mac user, irritation. I've had my Apple iMac since 1999, and to this day it has failed to make any undesirable...David Knight letter touts Apple's approach to noise generated by computers (May 27 article)FOR many generations, the women in Maricel Presilla's family taught school. She herself is a scholar with a Ph.D. in medieval Spanish history who once taught at Rutgers. So it is no surprise that the dishes she serves at her two restaurants here a...R W Apple Jr column on wave of restaurants with distinctly Latin flavor springing up in Hoboken, NJ; Maricel Presilla's Cuban roots are apparent at Zafra, which also serves authentic dishes from other Latin cultures; other area restaurants and their specialties noted; photos (M)Donna Karan, the fashion designer, plans to unveil a giant bronze sculpture of an apple designed by her late husband, Stephan Weiss, in Hudson River Park today. The sculpture, which is nine feet tall and weighs 6,000 pounds, will be temporarily pl...Donna Karan, fashion designer, is set to unveil giant apple sculpture that will be temporarily placed in Hudson River Park in Manhattan; apple was designed by her late husband, Stephan Weiss; photo (S)Franklin D. Roosevelt once defined great presidents as those who were ''leaders of thought at times when certain ideas in the life of the nation had to be clarified.''    By that reckoning and most others, Roosevelt himself earned a place on the l...R W Apple Jr appraisal of Ronald Reagan and what history may eventually conclude about his presidency; observes that Reagan died respected man, although affection is far from universal, and popularity is never reliable test of greatness; notes that Harry Truman, now counted among near-greats, left office with 23 percent approval rating, while Warren G Harding, now disdained, was much loved at his death; recalls Reagan as chief of state, 'often ignorant of or impatient with' policy minutiae, but succeeding mightily with his extraordinary communication talents, intuitive understanding of Americans, unfailing geniality and ability to build friendships across partisan lines; photos; chart explaining memorial service at National Cathedral (M)The Playa del Rey, Calif., office of TBWA/Chiat/Day, part of the TBWA Worldwide division of the Omnicom Group, yesterday won the $100,000 Grand Prize Kelly Award, at the 23rd annual Kelly Awards for creativity in magazine advertising. The award ca...TBWA/Chiat/Day wins Grand Prize Kelly Award at annual Kelly Awards for creativity in magazine advertising (S) To the Editor:    Regardless of the hateful things that some people say about former President Ronald Reagan, even as the country mourns his death, history has already determined that he restored belief and pride in being American.  Daniel B Jeffs letter holds that regardless of hateful things some people say about former Pres Ronald Reagan, even as country mourns his death, history has already determined that he restored belief and pride in being AmericanEugene Raskin, a folk singer and architectural scholar who wrote the unusual 1968 hit ''Those Were the Days,'' died on Monday at his home in Manhattan, his son Michael said. He was 94.    Mr. Raskin, who performed with his wife, Francesca, as Gene...Eugene Raskin, folk singer and architectural scholar, dies at 94 (S)The Barbecued Apple      On Saturday and Sunday from noon to 6 p.m., the Big Apple Barbecue Block Party in Madison Square Park will offer meats by six pit masters, music and cooking seminars. Admission is free; food and beverages can be purchased ...Dads are often drawn to the latest technology, but high-tech gadgets seldom have much lasting power. This year, instead of a digital camera that is bound to be obsolete before Father's Day 2005, consider a gift that has stood the test of time.    ...Brief descriptions of Father's Day gifts; photos (Pulse column) (M)IT was 7 p.m. on a recent Thursday and Matt Lucas and David Walliams could be found in the Art Deco lobby of Claridge's discussing why they didn't want to have a drink in the hotel bar. Mr. Walliams, who lives near Claridge's and occasionally trea...Night Out With column accompanies Matt Lucas and David Walliams, whose award-winning sketch show Little Britain is hit in England, on night out in London; photo (M)"