b"LATELY, this has been a city of long, expectant lines. First came the throngs of same-sex couples outside City Hall, waiting to be married and to make history in the process. Then, last Saturday morning, came the Apple Computer faithful, waiting ....Apple Computer's new two-story store in San Francisco draws thousands of loyalists on opening day; photos (M)A preview of Super Tuesday and the chances for the Senator from North Carolina, with analysis from R.W. Apple Jr. of The New York Times.''LOOK at this,'' said Cesare Benelli, brandishing a plastic bag with a slab of fish the color of raspberry Jell-O inside. ''Mummified tuna. Nothing to do with our native fish. It's caught in Indonesia, treated with sulfites, then vacuum packed an...R W Apple Jr reports on where to eat seafood in Venice; says at their best, city's fish and shellfish are sublime; photos (L)ELECTRONIC devices have been cutting the cord for years, with one notable exception: portable music players. From the earliest Walkman to the latest fashion-accessory MP3 player, music on the go has generally meant cables trailing from ears to poc...New headsets from Reason Products and FoneGear use near-field magnetic communication to connect headset to base station plugged into cellular phone, eliminating need for cord; real promise of technology is seen in its application with streaming music; photo (M)Q. When I try to shut down my computer with Windows XP, it gets hung up on a screen that says ''Saving your settings.'' Pressing Control-Alt-Delete won't free it. What should I do?    A. Freezing on the ''Saving your settings'' screen was consider...The entertainment industry's pursuit of tough new laws to protect copyrighted materials from online piracy is bad for business and for the economy, according to a report being released today by the Committee for Economic Development, a Washington ...Committee for Economic Development, which has long history as policy setter in world of business and economics, reports that efforts by music, movie and television industries to enact tough new laws to protect copyrighted materials from online piracy would hurt business and economy by upsetting balance between rights of content creators and rights of public; one author of study says business leaders are worried that trend toward equating intellectual property with physical property might be hampering innovation (M)Wolfson Microelectronics, which makes semiconductors for Microsoft and Apple Computer, said full-year profit more than tripled, helped by increased demand for consumer electronics like digital cameras. Net income climbed to $9.24 million, or 9 cen...Wolfson Microelectronics says full-year net income rose to $9.24 million from $2.41 million year ago; sales rose to $75.7 million from $33.7 million (S)Mets outfielders Karim Garcia and Shane Spencer have been fined by the club for their roles in a scuffle with several local men outside a sports bar here Thursday night.    With options that ranged from releasing the players to fining them, Mets G...New York Mets fine outfielders Shane Spencer and Karim Garcia after they are involved in scuffle with Port St Lucie (Fla) men; photo (M)ANY neighborhood would love to have a restaurant that feels as warm and inviting as Chestnut, but Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn, is the lucky winner. As you step inside, a little bar, practically glowing like a crackling fire, welcomes you like an old...Eric Asimov reviews Chestnut, restaurant in Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn; photo (M) ($25 and Under column)The police here have had their share of high-profile violent or deadly run-ins with protesters, mentally ill suspects and other lawbreakers. But in 2003, for the first time in 15 years, no one here was shot and killed by the police.    Miami, a ci...as shocks rep"