b"The top-of-the-line iPod music player from Apple Computer can hold four solid weeks of music. But what if you just want a little peace and quiet? As it turns out, Apple sells that too -- sounds of silence for 99 cents.     Steve Halberstadt of Ral...Apple Computer's iTunes, Web's leading downloadable music outlet, sold 1995 release by Ciccone Youth that consists of 63 seconds of silence; mention of track on gossip Web site spurred flood of e-mails about other silent tracks; Apple has stopped selling track as single; photo (M)EVEN this early in the campaign, the battle for the popular vote is really heating up; the incumbent is being challenged by lesser-known candidates from all over the country. The winner will be the candidate with the best balance of new ideas and ...David Pogue State of the Art column reviews iPod and similar portable music players; compares iPod to devices from other manufacturers; features and prices noted; photos; drawing (M)Wisconsin has a date with political destiny next Tuesday. Its multifaceted electorate will either confirm Senator John Kerry as the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee or keep the race going, at least until the Super Tuesday primaries and ...Wisconsin has date with political destiny on Feb 17; its multifaceted electorate will either confirm Sen John Kerry as presumptive Democratic presidential nominee or keep race going, at least until Super Tuesday primaries and caucuses on March 2; pollsters and politicians are betting heavily on Kerry; Howard Dean hopes to do well in Wisconsin to keep his presidential campaign viable; photo (M)IN the late 1990's, as personal computers were becoming as common in many American households as televisions and cordless phones, the toy industry quickly embraced technologies like microprocessors, optical sensors and audio synthesizers. But some...Toy manufacturers are looking to incorporate sophisticated but easy-to-use technology into future toys in attempt to make entertainment simple and enjoyable; games and doll characters that interact with special programs on DVD are expected this year; photo (M)IDEA for a sci-fi horror flick: New York is invaded by zombielike robots. They ghost along the sidewalks, oblivious of pedestrians, and have frequent near misses with taxis and cyclists, causing chaos. They carry a secret weapon -- no bigger than ...Article on proliferation of people using iPod and its imitators, devices for listening to music through little white earbuds, everywhere you go in New York; photos (M)More than ever, babies are staking their own wee claim on the luxury goods market, as parents eagerly swaddle their children in clothes, accessories and other assorted products with designer pedigrees. From cashmere cardigans to velvet and silver ...Baby products by Kiehl's described; photo (Pulse column) (S)ONYAN--Blaine Wellington, of Fort Lee, died on February 11, 2004, at the age of 92. Blaine, beloved husband of Edith Hufman Onyan, liked to call himself the ''an upstate Apple Knocker.'' He was born in Clinton, NY and raised in Oriskany Falls. He ...SOFTWAR   An Intimate Portrait of   Larry Ellison and Oracle.   By Matthew Symonds   with commentary by Larry Ellison.   Illustrated. 508 pp. New York:   Simon & Schuster. $28.     EVERYONE ELSE MUST FAIL   The Unvarnished Truth About   Oracle and...Adam Cohen reviews following books: Softwar: An Intimate Portrait of Larry Ellison and Oracle by Matthew Symonds with commentary by Larry Ellison; and Everyone Else Must Fail: The Unvarnished Truth About Oracle and Larry Ellison by Karen Southwick (M)A New Jersey Superior Court's recent decision to unseal malpractice settlements against doctors is a significant step in strengthening consumer protection in the practice of medicine. It is a step that is long overdue.    This decision will allow ...Sen Paul Sarlo Soapbox essay supports New Jersey Superior Court decision to unseal malpractice settlements against doctors; opposes New Jersey Medical Society's insistence on imposing caps on awards for medical malpractice; drawing (M)Dr. Riva Golan Ritvo, a neuroscientist and child therapist, and Alan Bruce Slifka, the founder of a hedge fund, were married last evening at their home in Manhattan. Rabbi Saul Berman officiated.    The bride, 48, will continue to use her name pro..."