b"Your article on white-collar miscreants who don't pay their share for breakfast when put on the honor system was one of the most fascinating articles I've read in a long time.    One finding especially caught my eye: that relative to working stiff...Bill Apple letter on Stephen J Dubner's and Steven D Levitt's June 20 article notes high-level executives were less likely to pay their share for breakfast then working stiffs at same company; photoThis omelet of green apples and goat cheese is an unusual pairing -- at least in the omelet world -- but a wonderful one from Garrett Oliver, the brewmaster of Brooklyn Brewery. On the day we made this recipe, he paired the dish with a glass of Bl...''MINIDISCS are obsolete,'' my friend Dave Hoeffel says. ''I only use them because I'm a geek, and because they're the best way to get the recordings I want.''    Saying something is both obsolete and the best perfectly describes the deep attachme...Sony introduces Hi-MD, new generation of MiniDiscs, first offered in 1992; device has one gigabyte of storage and two-way high-speed transfer to computer, but does not allow upload or playing of MP3 files; photo (M)For Henning Kagermann, the chief executive of SAP, the disclosure by Microsoft last Monday that it had held merger talks with his software company could not have come at a more awkward moment.    Mr. Kagermann was flying to a conference near San D...Disclosure that Microsoft held merger talks with SAP, German supplier of back-office software to big corporations, turns SAP into a hot property; Henning Kagermann, SAP chief executive, hopes word of talks will give SAP higher profile; insists that SAP can be world giant even without merger; says there are good arguments for merger with Microsoft; says negotiations never progressed far enough for SAP to consider regulatory obstacles; photo (M) To the Editor:    When Shirin Ebadi and Amir Attaran propose that the World Bank stop lending money to dictators (Op-Ed, June 16), it sounds as good as motherhood or apple pie, until one stops to think about it.   Bilsel Alisbah letter disputes Shirin Ebadi and Amir Attaran June 16 Op-Ed article proposing that World Bank stop lending money to dictatorsWHEN Telluride in Stamford opened in 1996, I found the atmosphere delightful: warm, cozy and full of weathered southwestern artifacts. The food was adventurous, but inconsistent and sometimes disappointing.     What a difference eight years has ma...Patricia Brooks reviews Telluride restaurant in Stamford, Conn; photos (M)Linda Joanne Root and Nicholas Alexander Pouder were married yesterday at the Apple Barn Farm in Livingston, N.Y. The Rev. Arthur G. Dolch, a United Methodist minister, officiated.    The bride, 36, will continue to use her name professionally. Sh...Clementine Gallery  526 West 26th Street, Chelsea  Through June 26      With a ferocious talent for cartoonsmanship that suggests Rube Goldberg refined by R. Crumb, Daniel Heimbinder carries himself away in kvetchy fantasies wrapped in comic strip...Grace Glueck reviews works by Daniel Heimbinder at Clementine Gallery (M)With Smarty Jones in the midst of a brief vacation, quieting the mania that surrounded his every move, horse racing's spotlight will shift temporarily today, focusing on some horses trying to nudge their way back into the limelight.    Three forme...Funny Cide will race in Massachusetts Handicap (M)Despite earlier objections, European antitrust regulators are now set to approve the merger of the music divisions of Sony and Bertelsmann, people close to the case said on Thursday.     The joint venture of Sony Music and the BMG unit of Bertelsm...European antitrust regulators are expected to approve merger of music divisions of Sony Corp and Bertelsmann AG despite earlier objections (M)"