b"Macintosh multimedia mavens who are dismayed by the multitude of Windows-based products that connect the computer to the home-entertainment altar finally have a device to call their own. The EyeHome digital media player from Elgato Systems is a sm...EyeHome digital media player from Elgato Systems links Apple computer to television so music and other files stored on computer's hard drive can be seen and heard through TV and home theater system; photo (M)The State of the Art column in Circuits last Thursday, about a new version of Microsoft Office for the Macintosh, misstated the origin of a feature in the software's PowerPoint component. The feature, a slide-show aid called Presenter Tools, has a...Correction of May 20 State of the Art column about new version of Microsoft Office for Macintosh, regarding one feature citedCatchy singles reach radio as much as eight weeks before the full-length CD's they are on land in stores, but even customers willing to pay for legal downloads have been forced to wait until a day -- or at most a week -- before the CD's release da...Recording companies are releasing singles for sale by download through various Internet music services on same day tracks are available for radio broadcast; used to wait until they released full-length CD; largely agree that early release combats file-sharing by offering fans way to get songs legally; download sales, while still small, are growing and may reinvigorate singles market industry all but abandoned in last 20 years; photo (M)Abarbanel Cremant d'Alsace, a sophisticated, steely kosher sparkling wine, adds a dimension to summertime sabbath fish and chicken dinners. Use it as an aperitif and with main courses. This medium-bodied nonvintage brut, made from pinot blanc grap...Howard Goldberg briefly reviews Abarbanel Cremant d'Alsace kosher sparkling wine (S)Ronald J. Prokopy, a scientist whose research on fruit flies in apple orchards led to environmental pest-control programs using fewer pesticides, died on May 14 in Franklin Medical Center in Greenfield, Mass. He was 68.    The cause was cardiopulm...Ronald J Prokopy, entomologist whose research led to environmental pest-control programs using fewer pesticides, dies at age 68; photo (M)WHEN told about Gwyneth Paltrow's name for her new daughter, my mother paused for a moment. ''We thought about naming you Apple,'' she said, ''but decided it was too common.''    Because I grew up with the name Strawberry, my first reaction to hea...Strawberry Saroyan View column, in light of Gwyneth Paltrow naming her daughter Apple, offers advice on growing up with unconventional name; drawing (M)To the Editor:    Amid the endless discussions of why music is not selling, ''American Idol'' has become one of the highest-rated shows on television. It does so by appealing to the whole family. At a time when the world seems upside down, the gen...Tony Bennett letter responds to Kate Aurthur article on reality series American Idol; photoThat wailing sound you might have heard coming from the direction of New York City this month could have been a result of a taxi fare increase that took effect May 3. But Manhattan hotels, ever resourceful, have come up with ways to ease the pain....Deals and Discounts column on discounts being offered at Manhattan hotels in light of increased taxi fares (M)Theater    ''CARNEVALE!,'' circus acts performed to a Caribbean beat by the Big Apple Circus, at Cunningham Park, Francis Lewis Boulevard and Union Turnpike, Fresh Meadows, Queens. Today at 11 a.m. and 6:30 p.m.; tomorrow and Sunday at 12:30 and 4...DON'T call Mario Monti a lame duck.    Mr. Monti, the European Commission's chief antitrust enforcer and the world's de facto trustbuster, is planning to retire this fall. But the man who blocked General Electric's acquisition of Honeywell, helped...DealBook column says Mario Monti, European Commission's chief antitrust enforcer, will decide whether to bless or veto merger of music units of Sony and Bertelsmann before he retires this fall; most experts expect Sony-Bertelsmann merger to be approved in United States and Canada; they anticipate that Europe, and Monti in particular, will be a problem; Monti has been tough on previous music deals; photo (M)"