b'Steven P. Jobs, co-founder and chief executive of Apple Computer, underwent emergency cancer surgery on Saturday. In an e-mail message sent Sunday to Apple employees, he said that the surgery had gone well and that he would return to work in Septe...Steven P Jobs, co-founder and chief executive of Apple Computer, undergoes emergency cancer surgery; sends e-mail message to Apple employees saying surgery went well and he would return to work in Sept; says he has rare form of pancreatic cancer; photo (M)First there was the ring tone. Then the camera. Now the music player.     In its relentless push to add features to cellphones, the wireless industry is preparing to make affordable new phones that can store and play full-length downloaded music t...Wireless industry is preparing to make affordable new cellphones that can store and play full-length downloaded music tracks; Apple Computer and Motorola, which have announced joint plan, and industry analysts say new feature will not alter market for portable music players anytime soon; photo (M)EVEN Apple acknowledges that there is one place its popular iPod music players can\'t easily go: for a ride in an automobile.     \'\'We\'ve heard from our iPod customers that we could really improve upon the experience in the car,\'\' said Stanley Ng, ...Basics column on adapting iPod or other hard-disk driven devices for listening to music in car; photo (M)In Silicon Valley, hackers, engineers, venture capitalists and sales executives love to use Google.       Just do not ask them to bet on it.  Computer experts and executives like using Google but are overwhelmingly bearish on Google\'s widely anticipated offering; mounting skepticism about stock offering has not been helped by various snags; anticipated initial share price of $108 to $135 is based on assumption of continued rapid growth by Google, but that growth has lately shown signs of slowing; comments by Apple Computer co-founder Stephen Wozniak and Sun Microsystems executive John Cage comment; photos (M)Q. Is it necessary to subscribe to a virus protection service and pay a yearly fee, or can I download a good free program?    A. No matter which antivirus program you use, it is important to keep your computer updated with the latest virus definit...BRIAN BILLICK remembers when he realized just how tough it would be to make it as a football coach. It was January 1984, at the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Dallas. Billick, an obscure 29-year-old assistant at San Diego State, walked into his first big-...Baltimore Ravens head coach Brian Billick attributes his embrace of computers and other technology to his team\'s winning ways; predicts that time will come when players use virtual reality environments to supplement standard practice field; photos (M)LIKE many people these days, Jason Kim and Linda Crasco rely heavily on e-mail for their work, running a small educational research and evaluation company in Norwood, Mass. And like many people, they get plenty of spam, some 400 pieces of unwanted...Spam filters, which help people eliminate unwanted e-mail, can also create more work; they require constant vigilance and frequent tuning in order to teach software to recognize junk; as spam becomes more sophisticated, filter users must try to keep pace; several Web-based services noted; drawing; photo (M)AUG. 13 TO 15, HASTINGS, NEB.  Kool-Aid Days. Celebrating Kool-Aid in the town where it was invented, with the 75-foot-long "world\'s largest Kool-Aid stand," and unlimited Kool-Aid with purchase of a mug. (800) 967-2189; www.kool-aiddays.com.    A...We are so accustomed to assembly-line doughnuts, even the addictive Krispy Kremes, that a fresh, homemade doughnut is a revelation. And there are few better places to fulfill that revelation than Ob-Co\'s Donuts in Toms River. My friend Sal Princip...Jack Silbert reviews Ob-Co\'s Donuts in Tom\'s River, NJ; photo (M)The heat has finally caught up with the season, anxiety is floating in the air, and in August a therapist cannot be found within city limits. But there are ways to self-medicate, from suede shoes and silk gowns to soft scents. When temperatures ar...Roundup of items, from scents to silk, that can help you beat August heat; photos (L)'