b"Most iPod owners use the device mainly for entertainment. With an accessory from Griffin Technology called iTalk, however, the music player can also be put to work as a voice recorder.    The iTalk plugs into any iPod except the new Mini. It conta...News Watch column reviews iPod accessory iTalk from Griffin Technology; device turns iPod into voice recorder and downloads recordings when connected to computer; photo (S)LEAVE it to Steven P. Jobs to sell the razors and give away the blades.       Common Silicon Valley wisdom has hewed for decades to the business adage that to establish a successful business in consumer products, you must be willing to lose money ...John Markoff column on success of Apple Computer's iPod digital music player and its deal with Hewlett-Packard that will put Apple software and technology on HP computers; says deal will make it increasingly easy for Apple to offer PC users any kind of iPod style device, whether for music or other media, that Apple may make in futre; cartoon (M)After watching Senator Ernest F. Hollings endorse Senator John Kerry for president in Columbia on Thursday, Donald L. Fowler returned to his office and telephoned important Kerry supporters.    Mr. Fowler, a former chairman of the Democratic Natio...South Carolina Democrats urge Sen John Kerry not to write off their state, first in South to hold primary in 2004 and first with sizeable black population; Sen John Edwards and Gen Wesley K Clark seem to hold advantage there; Kerry is only major candidate who has run no commercials in South Carolina; he has opened only two offices, and has only seven paid employees there, compared with 50 for Howard Dean, about 40 for Clark and nine for Edwards; Dick Harpootlian, former state Democratic chairman, says if Kerry does not compete in South Carolina, it will look like he is writing off South in general election; former Democratic National Committee chmn Donald L Fowler urges Kerry to campaign in state; Harpootlian and Fowler photos (M)The music industry returned to the courthouse yesterday to sue 532 people it accuses of large-scale copyright infringement.     ''Our campaign against illegal file sharers is not missing a beat,'' said Cary Sherman, president of the Recording Indu...Recording Industry Association of America sues 532 people it accuses of large-scale copyright infringement; suits, involving largest group of defendants to date, represent third round against suspected file sharers since industry began its litigation campaign last summer; are first suits after federal appeals court ruled against industry's use of special copyright subpoenas to force Internet service providers to disclose names of music traders; photo (M)SHORTLY after Phish, the improvisational rock band, finished its New Year's Eve concert at American Airlines Arena in Miami, perhaps a couple of hundred people remained at play in the private suites that lined the hall. Brad G. Serling, as big a P...Article discusses availability of music from rock concerts downloadable from Internet hours after concert; bands and record companies hope to make money and nurture ties to fans; photo (M)FOR those who have savored the freedom of wireless networks, whether at home, at the office or in an Internet cafe, wires and cables may seem like obsolete relics from the earliest days of personal computing. But even networked homes usually maint...Thomas J Fitzgerald Basics column discusses devices that allow wireless connectivity to a printer; photo (M)Maia Koebrich, the daughter of Michele and F. William Koebrich III of Miami Beach, is to be married today to Gary M. Elfont, the son of Natalya Elfont of Valley Stream, N.Y., and Mark Elfont of North Miami Beach, Fla. Rabbi Marcia Rappaport will o...United Way Appoints Lawyer as President      Patrick J. Foye, a lawyer and real estate investment administrator, has been named the president and chief executive of United Way of Long Island, which has its offices in Commack. He will begin the job...Lawyer and real estate investment administrator Patrick J Foye is named president and chief executive of United Way of Long Island, effective February 1; logo (S)For years, Union Pacific carried around an air of defeat. The restaurant, which sits on a shadowy block of East 22nd Street, was like a cave with somber colors, a drippy waterfall and a humorless staff. Rocco DiSpirito, the chef, would sometimes s...Amanda Hesser reviews Union Pacific restaurant in Manhattan; photo (M)FROM the worried expressions as my guests stared at the oven door -- one of them asked, ''Are you sure it's all right in there?'' -- you would have thought there was a cat having kittens in my oven rather than strips of bacon cooking in a pan. The...Linda Lee reports on bacon-tasting party she held, in which 15 friends sampled 11 kinds of bacon; favorites noted; list of sources; photos (L)"