b"Steven P. Jobs, the chief executive of Apple Computer, demonstrated on Monday his answer to one of computing's most pressing problems: searching for files and information stored on desktop computers.     At a meeting here of some 3,500 software de...Apple Computer chief executive Steven P Jobs demonstrates coming feature for Apple computers, called Spotlight, that will allow users to search quickly for words and concepts stored on hard drive by using search technology borrowed from company's iTunes online music service at software conference in San Francisco; search feature, part of next version of Macintosh operating system called Tiger, is scheduled for release in first half of 2005; photo (M)THE human genome must contain instructions that make building personal music collections a primal biological need. If you find yourself guiltily spending $2,000 a week at the iTunes Music Store from Apple Computer, you're not alone, historically s...Randall Stross column warns downloads sold by Apple's iTunes Music Store are distributed using extreme form of compression to save file space that results in loss of fidelity; company has yet to switch to distributing music that is compressed only temporarily, process called lossless data compression; photo (M)Apple Computer has introduced three new flat-panel monitors, including a 30-inch model that Steven P. Jobs, the company's chief executive, called the ''largest high-resolution computer display ever.''     The 30-inch Cinema HD Display, available i...Apple Computer to Offer Hard Drive Search Features  Steven P. Jobs, the chief executive of Apple Computer, demonstrated to 3,500 software developers a new feature for Apple computers that will allow users to search quickly for words and concepts s...Nectacotum. A Roman site somewhere in the Mediterranean?    Guess again. It's an awkwardly but aptly named new fruit, a cross of nectarine, apricot and plum. As with the pluot, a plum-apricot combo, the plum component comes on the strongest, provi...Nectacotum is awkwardly named cross of nectarine, apricot and plum, developed by grower in California; availability in New York noted; photo (S)Sarabinh Levy-Brightman, the daughter of Carol D. Brightman of Walpole, Me., and Richard H. Levy of Washington, is to be married today to Charles Marshall Stang, a son of Teddy and Paul F. Stang of Orleans, Mass. The Rev. Stephanie Paulsell, a Dis...THE GREAT FIRE, by Shirley Hazzard. (Picador, $14.) Hazzard's first novel in more than 20 years, set in the smoldering aftermath of World War II, revolves around the love affair between a 32-year-old English veteran and a precocious 17-year-old he...THE restaurant scene in Seattle is among the country's most vital. Intriguing new places open with a frequency rivaled, it seems, only in Chicago, San Francisco and New York. Their quality varies wildly, and though this is true everywhere, it seem...Mark Bittman reviews some Seattle restaurants: Lampreia, Lark, Salumi and Cascadia; photos (L)DIGGING into a generous wedge of raspberry cream pie at the Blue Gate Restaurant in Shipshewana, Ind., was something of a revelation.     So was the rhubarb-strawberry pie at the Bread Box Bake Shop on Morton Street. The custard pie and peach pie ...Susan Harb travel article on visit to Amish country in northern Indiana; photos; map (L)DESPITE an influx of star power and money, Sun Valley and adjacent Ketchum haven't really changed much in the last 30 years. Wedged between four mountain ranges and with a high-desert climate, the mountain town center has few designer shops, almos...Article on 36-hour visit to Sun Valley, Idaho; photos; maps (M)"