b"Apple Computer paid its chief executive, Steven P. Jobs, $74.8 million in restricted stock in the last fiscal year after the company replaced his unprofitable stock options. Mr. Jobs, 49, takes ownership of his five million restricted shares in tw...Apple Computer paid chief exeutive Steven P Jobs $74.8 million in restricted stock in last fiscal year after company replaced his unprofitable stock options (S)Move over, Fountains of Wayne. The Vangor Dragons are available for play on the iPod, even though they do not sing a note.    In the mold of Dungeons and Dragons and wordy role-playing computer games, XO Play has released a text-based adventure ga...XO Play releases text-based adventure game that runs on iPod; photo (S) Please Sign Here      Petitions have been an advocacy tool since the time of the Pharaohs. But Ramses II never dealt with anything like petitiononline.com, perhaps the oldest and most widely used petition site.  Pamela LiCalzi O'Connell Online Diary; petitiononline.com is collection of Web petitions covering variety of topics; boomerangit.com is online lost-and-found service; interesting alternatives to online dating services noted; miscellaneous Web sited listed; drawing (M)FROM parks to coffee bars, wireless networks based on the standard known as Wi-Fi are increasingly letting people go online in public places. And at home, they are providing a wireless new way to allow PC's to share connections to printers and oth...Basics column explores options available to secure transmission of data to and from wireless device; network and software solutions and Web sites noted; drawing (M)Karim Garcia lounged by the dugout railing before the first intrasquad game of spring training last week, wearing a strip of tape around his left hand.    ''What happened to you?'' a passer-by asked Garcia, a Mets outfielder. ''Hit somebody?''  New York Mets players Karim Garcia and Shane Spencer will talk to Port St Lucie (Fla) police about altercation outside of Big Apple Pizza, during which Garcia and Spencer are accused of assaulting pizza deliveryman; Mets fine both players $500; photo (M)George E. Pake, a physicist who assembled a team of extraordinary computer researchers while serving as the first director of the Palo Alto Research Center of the Xerox Corporation, died last Thursday at his home in Tucson. He was 79.    The cause...George E Pake, physicist who assembled team of extraordinary computer researchers while serving as first director of Palo Alto Research Center of Xerox Corp, dies at age 79; photo (M)COUGHLAN'S AMERICAN BISTRO brings to White Plains what some might consider its newest, swell drinking and dining spot. Built on the demolished site of the shabby bar called Olliver's, newly minted Coughlan's, in both size and services, has spent i...M H Reed reviews White Plains, NY, restaurant Coughlan's American Bistro; photos (M)Fifteen robot vehicles took off across the Mojave Desert starting at dawn on Saturday, dodging boulders and 15-pound tortoises in search of a place in scientific history and $1 million in Pentagon cash.    In the end there was no winner and none o...None of 15 robot vehicles completes 142-mile race in Mojave Desert sponsored by Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency; vehicles had to traverse course without human intervention, for $1 million prize; top qualifier, Carnegie Mellon University's Sandstorm, which cost $3 million and was built with help of Boeing and Intel, was out of race within first hour after covering 7.4 miles; within four hours of start, all vehicles had crashed or been immobilized; Darpa spent $13 million on competition, but contestants invested as much as $65 million; photo (M)DON'T expect Indian food at enTantra, even though the Williston Park restaurant takes its name from Sanskrit, meaning to weave or come together. There is a contemporary American menu of steaks, chops and seafood.    The d\xc3\xa9cor lives up to the promi...a contJASPER WHITE'S SUMMER SHACK is a big, open space contrived to make you believe that you are eating at a gargantuan fried seafood shack on a New England beach. The d\xc3\xa9cor is bare bones. Tables are covered in paper, and the floor, if I remember corre...\xc2\xaa"