b"RealNetworks plans to announce on Tuesday that it is putting its digital music offerings on sale at half price as part of an aggressive strategy to force its way onto Apple Computer's popular iPod digital music player.    At the same time, the com...RealNetworks plans to put its digital music offerings on sale at half price as part of aggressive strategy to force its way onto Apple Computer Inc's popular iPod digital music player; acknowledges that sale--which lowers price of songs on online RealPlayer Music Store to 49 cents and cost of most albums to $4.99, tentatively through Labor Day--would have impact on company's finances; RealNetworks' founder-chief executive Rob Glaser comments (M)LAST spring, when Marisa L. Dudiak's second-grade class in Frederick County, Md., returned from a field trip to a Native American farm, all the students wanted to do was talk about what they saw. But instead of leading a discussion about the trip,...Jonathan Glater essay compares Sony Walkman with iPod; drawing (M)JULIA CHILD loved food, loved eating, loved cooking, loved teaching others to cook. But Mrs. Child had many other dimensions, as I discovered the first time I was seated next to her at dinner, at a fund-raiser in a Washington hotel.    We had met ...R W Apple Jr tribute to Julia Child, recalling his encounters with her, and learning that her concerns were not just culinary, but political; photos of Child, and Jacques Pepin, cook she held in high esteem (L)If Google does finally succeed in raising billions of dollars through its initial stock offering, the next big challenge will be proving that its success is not an accident -- that the company, operator of the world's dominant Web search engine, c...Securities and Exchange Commission delays final approval of Google's registration statement; whether delay is merely procedural or whether it involves matters of substance to SEC cannot be determined; Google's next big challenge if it does finally succeed in its initial public offering will be proving that its success is not accident, that company can survive from one technological generation to next; graph (M)DEAR Mom and Dad,    I made it to college! The MapQuest directions were mostly right, nothing fell off the roof on the Interstate, and you were both such troupers when I backed out of the driveway. No tears, no mush -- I'm proud of you.  David Pogue State of the Art column offers primer on instant messaging and videophoning for parents who want to keep in touch with their children in college; drawing (M)HUNTING for the Loch Ness monster, Erik Latin stumbled onto a different imagination-bending subject: an advertisement promising to teach him how to cure ills with organic remedies.    Erik, 12, sensed trouble. ''There's something wrong with my com...Small but growing number of schools are equipped with wireless technology allowing students Internet access; critics argue technology distracts students from basics; educators tout value of Internet in education; photo (M)IMAGINE being able to set up a tollbooth on the Internet. Now imagine collecting a small fee every time anyone in the United States clicked on the Web to watch a video of a car advertisement, to listen to an audio clip of a garage band or to revie...Acacia Research Corp demands licensing fee from growing number of financial and educational institutions and news organizations that it says use streaming video and audio technology covered by patents it has acquired; photo (M)A VISIT to the school library was once a necessity before writing term papers or reports. But nowadays many students use the Internet as their library.    However convenient it may be to search the Web from home or a dorm room, the Internet cannot...What's Next column on Flamenco software created at University of California, Berkeley, to facilitate research; software, which is still in testing stage, mimics stroll among shelves in library; retrieves by category and sub-categories of related information; drawing (M)HAVING mournfully contemplated the place where 2,749 people perished on Sept. 11, 2001, you may be ready to plan your next ski vacation.    If so, you can read all about the All for One Pass, which entitles you -- for as little as $349 -- to admis...David Dunlap column questions appropriateness of electronic advertising sign on subway entrance just 25 feet from wall at World Trade Center site that displays names of Sept 11 victims; says sign, one of about 70 that Clear Channel Outdoor has contracted space for with Metropolitan Transportation Authority, seems to affirm that redevelopment of trade center site is more about money than memory, a suspicion strengthened by fact that names on wall do not reflect latest information about who died at site; photos (S)Best Bet: He Seconds That Emotion      Setting his sights on ''the most sophisticated collectors'' as well as casual museumgoers, Milton Esterow, editor and publisher of ARTnews plans to tell those who attend today's Pollock-Krasner Lecture ''How ..."