b"WHILE Bob Angus was presiding over a summer dinner party at his Upper West Side apartment in Manhattan, his Apple iPod decided to reveal its softer side.     Mr. Angus, a second-year graduate student at Columbia Business School, had selected the S...Shuffle mode randomly plays songs on Apple iPod; some users question whether their devices 'prefer' certain types of music, and variety of Internet sites have sprung up where users expound theories; software to organize playlists noted; photos (M)Everyone covets a piece of Apple Computer's iPod. And for good reason. It essentially defines what consumers want in a digital music player: capacity, style, seamless integration with personal computers and, through them, access to an enormous mus...Editorial on feud between Apple Computer and RealNetworks over how to protect copyright of digital music; says while it would be better for consumers if Apple licensed its digital rights management software, RealNetworks' contention that Apple is stifling freedom of choice is self-serving; says dispute demonstrates increasing importance that digital rights have come to playDr. Antonia Elizabeth Stephen and Andrew Rossi Kirk were married yesterday in Woods Hole, Mass. The Rev. Bruce Teague, a Roman Catholic priest, performed the ceremony at St. Joseph's Church.    Dr. Stephen, who is 34 and is known as Apple, is keep...By day, Barry Popik is a New York administrative law judge who handles things like parking violations. By night, he is an amateur etymologist who has traced the origina of thousands of words and phrases.     One of Mr. Popik's specialties is New Y...Interview with Barry Popik, New York City administrative law judge and amateur etymologist who, with Gerald Cohen, traced origin of city's nickname, The Big Apple, and is seeking recognition for his research; photo (M)Experimentation in vineyards and cellars makes the balmy Pfalz Germany's most dynamic wine region. With food-friendly rieslings increasingly popular in Germany, Dr. B\xc3\xbcrklin-Wolf, the country's largest privately owned estate, has become a star. Its...Howard Goldberg reviews 2002 German riesling wine (S)THIS is the story of a will-o'-the-wisp called Silver Queen, which people in Baltimore, in Washington and on the Eastern Shore of Maryland pursue each summer when the sweet corn stands as high as . . . well, maybe a baby elephant's eye.    Heading...R W Apple Jr article on quest for variety of sweet corn called Silver Queen, once grown on Eastern Shore of Maryland; most farmers have stopped growing it commercially, now favoring modern varieties or hybrids that have longer shelf life; area residents recall Silver Queen with fondness; photos (M)IN June 2003, Best Buy transferred ownership of the Musicland Group to a private investment company, asking for nothing but the investors' assumption of Musicland's debt and lease obligations.     Just over a year later, Musicland, of Minnetonka, ...Musicland Group and its ad agency Zimmerman Partners are planning makeovers for 900 stores that Musicland runs under Sam Goody, Media Play and Suncoast Motion Picture brands; strategy envisions stores that embrace Internet's role in music sales and emulate loungelike atmosphere of chains like Barnes & Noble and Starbucks; Musicland's ad billings estimated at $50 million (M)A FEW decades ago, before the personal computer became ubiquitous, I designed a display (or headline) typeface called Klaus Bubula Bold, so named because the upper-case K and B and lower-case U and O were the most eccentric of the 26 letters. The ...Computer programs like FontLab and Fontographer allow neophytes, as well as veterans, to create new generation of digital type; some of less sophisticated types can be downloaded free from Internet, but better ones, in various sizes with complementary decorative rules, borders and dingbats, are licensed and cost between $100 and $300; illustrations of seven most popular fonts issued over last 10 years by whiz kids turned pros (M)''MAKE nice,'' urge the banners flying near Madison Square Garden, where some 5,000 Republican delegates will meet next week. But those who venture farther may encounter a different message, in the form of graphically brazen, un-nice-making poster...Posters protesting Bush administration policies abound in New York as Republicans prepare to hold their national convention; distribution is easy and cheap over Internet and extends reach of posters across the nation; opposition to Bush has not only helped revive traditions of political graphics but has also led to new appreciation of past campaigns; photos (M)Here is a chunky relish of cabbage and bell pepper commonly served in the South with salty cold cuts and meats. It couldn\xe2\x80\x99t be simpler: simmer chopped vegetables for 15 minutes in a spiced brine \xe2\x80\x94 we use judicious amounts of clove, allspice, cinna..."