b"The contemporary Basque culinary spirit is experimental, questing, hard to satisfy, but proudly, solidly anchored in local tradition.COMPUTER makers, software designers and telecommunications companies are scrambling to incorporate wireless capabilities into their business strategies. The rush to be at the forefront of what is seen as the next big thing -- high-speed wireless I...Computer makers, software designers and telecommunications companies are scrambling to incorporate wireless capabilities into their business strategies; roundup of plans and offerings from Apple, Intel, Cisco, and Good Technology (special section, Wireless Living) (M)IT is Easter morning. Here among the hardy Basques, famous for their prowess as shepherds in their hilly homeland and also as \xc3\xa9migr\xc3\xa9s in the American West, paschal lamb for lunch seems inevitable, and the inevitable comes to pass.    But we are at...R W Apple Jr article on sampling Basque cuisine in restaurants in San Sebastian, Spain; photos (L)For as long as New York City health officials have graded restaurants, it has been a pass-fail sort of thing. Sure, the thorough diner can look up hygiene violations by a favorite bistro, but most patrons only know whether the place is open or has...New York City will award Golden Apple awards to resaurants that have superior cleanliness and food safety ratings; photo (S)WOO-WOO! Clang, clang! All aboard!    Yes, kids, the train is leaving the station. It's the Online $1-a-Song Music Express, and your company had better be on it. Apple, Napster, Musicmatch, MusicNow, BuyMusic, RealNetworks, Dell, Microsoft and eve...David Pogue State of the Art column says Sony Connect music downloading service is more confusing than other similar services; lacks usable player software, community sites for discussion and compatibility with other players; photo; drawing (M)LIKE all telephones that rely on land lines, cordless phones have seen their market shrink as communications have gone wireless. But even though some people are now choosing cellphones for all their calling needs, both at home and on the go, cordl...Basics column on new generation of cordless phones from various manufacturers; features compared and multiple handset compatibility noted; photos (M)PITY Marc Benioff. Sure, his net worth may well exceed $250 million when Salesforce.com, the company he helped to start in 1999, goes public, most likely in the next couple of months.     But until then, Mr. Benioff, a boyishly brash chief executi...Salesforce.com's usually gregarious chief executive Marc Benioff, officially observing quiet period because of company's planned initial public stock offer, lets reporter follow him around for day, visit that includes hours of one-on-one time; company leases software that provides way of tracking customers and prospective clients; Benioff has become most forceful advocate of model of software as service; photos (M)Q. I have several gigabytes of music files in iTunes. How can I move my collection into the iTunes program on a new computer?    A. You can move your music library from one computer to another in several ways, with the steps varying slightly depen...An article yesterday about the purchase of Newsworld International, a 24-hour cable news channel, by former Vice President Al Gore and a group of investors misstated the role of Steven P. Jobs, the chief executive of Apple Inc. He is an adviser to...Correction of May 6 article on purchase of Newsworld International, 24-hour cable news channel, by former Vice Pres Al Gore and investors; Steven P Jobs is adviser to venture, not board memberMY daughter, Elizabeth, and I were driving from Austin, Tex., to our home in New Jersey. Elizabeth, a high school junior, wanted to see colleges along the way; I wanted good road food and free wireless access.     The food and colleges were good. ...Hot spots for wireless connections on trip from Austin, Tex, to New Jersey noted (special section, Wireless Living) (M)"