b'Q. I want to buy a new iMac now, but was wondering if I should wait until the new Intel-based versions appear. Is there any reason to wait?Dick Heyward, a retired senior official of the United Nations Children\'s Fund who for more than 30 years developed and oversaw Unicef\'s relief efforts around the world, died on Aug. 3 in Manhasset, N.Y. He was 90 and lived in Great Neck, N.Y.     ...The Summerhouse at Bette is a knockout, as tall and cool as a model.New York City\'s largest green roof, a thin layer of plants topping a building, has become a test for the environment and the bottom line.Gwyneth Paltrow says her film, a 10-minute short about the dubious charms of dating, is a chance to stretch artistically and to help a good cause.Article on actress Gwyneth Paltrow, who is in Brooklyn co-directing her first film, Dealbreakers, short about dubious charms of dating; short is one of four stories being made into movies by advisory board of female executives and Hollywood actresses assembled to further cause of women in film; Paltrow and Mary Wigmore co-wrote one of 4,000 essays about life-changing events that were submitted to Glamour magazine by its readers on which films are based; photos (M)Rye.Rock Stars, Yes. Geographers, No.       How did a band from Manchester, England, come up with the name No Hope in New Jersey?     According to Andy Garratt, 25, the band\'s lead singer, he was \'\'reliably informed\'\' several years ago that a city in ...THE women think of themselves as ladies living in a monkey environment, yet they don\'t have much interest in primates.      They are Lisa Coates and Robin Rarrick, both of Nyack, who are the energetic owners of Monkey Muffins, a company that sells...VERTAMAE GROSVENOR said she always wondered why she and her relatives ate so much after funerals.     \'\'Even people on diets just ate plate after plate,\'\' Ms. Grosvenor, a cultural correspondent for National Public Radio, said about postfuneral me...Any satire worth its salt should not be afraid to offend, and "Pretty Persuasion" flings mud in all directions with a fearless audacity.Stephen Holden reviews movie Pretty Persuasion, directed by Marcos Siega and starring Evan Rachel Wood, Elisabeth Harnois and Adi Schnall; photo (M)'