b"The circus begins its 28th season in New York with a new script by none other than Grandma, the star of the show, played by 53-year-old Barry Lubin.Article on intricacies involved in mounting $20 million Big Apple Circus show, which will tour for 10 months in eight states before nearly 500,000 customers; new show, Grandma Goes to Hollywood, will debut on October 20 in Damrosch Park at Lincoln Center; photos (M)CALL it the iPod Paradox: with each successive version, Apple's 30-million-selling music player gets thinner and thinner, but its feature list grows longer and longer. By next year, no doubt, the iPod will act as a radio, remote control and coffee...David Pogue reviews Apple Computer's new Video iPod; photo (M)It was tremendously busy at the Staten Island Mall last weekend, but not for the usual reasons. No one flipped through the 2006 Orlando Bloom calendars at Day by Day Calendar Company, nor was there interest in the colorful bulk sweets at Candylici...Media companies have begun experimenting with broadcasting original programming made specifically for mobile phones to increase awareness of their TV shows and movies.Media companies, with News Corp in forefront, are experimenting with broadcasting original programming made specifically for mobile phones to increase awareness of their television shows and movies; cellphone makers are also getting involved; Apple Computer's video iPod, while not a mobile phone, is another test of consumers' interest in portable entertainment; work has been limited largely to games, ring tones and wallpaper, but there is also growing interest in 'mobisodes,' short series that are already popular abroad; photo (M)As kids log 6\xc2\xbd hours a day of screen time, parents worry their social skills are withering. The kids say, LOL!How to burn movies from your videocassette recorder to DVD.During this crispy time of year, a serious problem confronts modern man: the homemade apple pie. When the leaves change color, who doesn't crave a warm pie straight from the oven, with hints of cinnamon wafting through the house? But who has time ...In Microsoft's Battle With Hackers, Company Makes Some Progress  Locked in a struggle with a shadowy ''black hat'' computer underground that exploits any flaw in its software, Microsoft has spent more than three years trying to transform its engin... Dear Apple: Brown-Bag It       It is a perennial social quandary. What does one say to someone who has been passed up for the Nobel Peace Prize?      ''On the bright side, you can slap anybody you want now''?  Dear Apple: Brown-Bag It."