b"To the Editor: I think R.W. Apple Jr. understates the language barrier problem when dining in ''Shanghai, a Far East Feast'' (Oct. 9).  David J Cowen letter on R W Apple Jr's October 9 travel article on restaurants in ShanghaiA dispute over the uniqueness of a popular new commercial for the Apple iPod is again raising the issue of what constitutes originality in advertising.Dispute over uniqueness of popular new commercial for Apple iPod again raises issue of what constitutes orginality in advertising; critics charge there are too many similarities between Apple Computer ads and spot produced three years ago by another agency, Avrett Free Ginsberg, which was selling Lugz brand of boots; TBWA/Chiat/Day, longtime Apple agency, says any resemblance between commercials is 'disappointing and surprising' as well as 'regrettable' (M)The 28th crop of the Big Apple Circus is long on sweetness, rich in color and highly tuneful, but short on eye-popping, cheer-igniting wows.Lawrence van Gelder reviews The Big Apple Circus; photo (M)Jo\xc3\xabl Robuchon and other celebrity chefs are taking Las Vegas to new culinary heights.Photos show alleged similarities between Apple Computer ad for its iPod and ad for Lugz shoesPhotos show alleged similarities between Apple Computer ad for its iPod and ad for Lugz shoesThe cost for starting up your own podcast may be as little as $10 for a microphone or as much as $30,000 for a well-equipped recording studio.Microsoft rode a wave of global strength in the personal computer market to report growth in profit and sales in the first quarter of its 2006 fiscal year.Microsoft reports revenue of $9.74 billion in first quarter of its 2006 fiscal year compared with $9.19 billion in quarter last year; earnings rose 24 percent, to $3.14 billion; photo (M)An ode to glam, punk and rock, and the little device that holds it all.RINDEMAN--Ruth Schwarz. 95. Beloved mother of Lynn Brooks (Stan) and the late William Schwarz. Dear aunt of Joan Walters. Adored Gigi to five grandsons, 10 greatgrandchildren and two greatgreat-grandchildren. Predeceased by loving husbands B. Leo ...RINDEMAN--Ruth Schwarz. 95. Beloved mother of Lynn Brooks (Stan) and the late William Schwarz. Dear aunt of Joan Walters. Adored Gigi to five grandsons, 10 greatgrandchildren and two greatgreat-grandchildren. Predeceased by loving husbands B. Leo ..."