b"Creative Technology, a maker of portable music players, has accused Apple Computer of violating a software patent covering the way users navigate music selections.Creative Technology, maker of portable miApple Computer and Motorola plan to unveil a long-awaited mobile phone and music player next week that will incorporate Apple's iTunes software.Apple Computer and Motorola to unveil long-awaited mobile phone and music player next week that will incorporate Apple's iTunes software; software will allow people to transfer songs from personal computer to mobile phone, then listen to songs, presumably through headphones (M)Don't come to Santa Barbara, Calif., in search of foie gras or caviar. But you can have a dandy time eating and drinking here.Dell earned its dominance by being the industry's lowest-cost major manufacturer. Lately, though, the market has changed to suit competitors like Hewlett-Packard and Apple.In the race to make ever-smaller disk drives for hand-held consumer appliances, Hitachi will announce that it has created the smallest drive on the market.There are always apples in supermarkets but at farm stands the first fresh apples of the season are just beginning to appear. ''The Best Apples to Buy and Grow,'' edited by Beth Hanson (Brooklyn Botanic Garden) is a useful guide to 60 kinds of app...On Aug. 12 it was too hot to wear tweed in New York. But in Scotland it was the Glorious Twelfth of August, the annual start of the grouse-hunting season. By the 14th birds were on their way to restaurants in New York, thanks to Andrew Hamilton, a...ADAM MATALON caused quite a stir at his bank here not long ago when he cashed a check bearing the notation, ''for sex and camping.'' No, the note was not what it seemed. Mr. Matalon, president of Chatsby Films in Peekskill, was withdrawing money i...COX-Raleigh Chaffee. In New York City on August 29th. She graduated with a BA in both Math &amp; Economics from Wellesley College in 1957. She came to Wall Street from the National Foreign Trade Council, and joined the Bank of New York in the inve...COX--Raleigh Chaffee. In New York City on August 29th. She graduated with a BA in both Math & Economics from Wellesley College in 1957. She came to Wall Street from the National Foreign Trade Council, and joined the Bank of New York in the investm..."