b"An article in Circuits on Dec. 16 about rivals to the Apple iPod referred incompletely to the origins of portable players that store music on hard drives, as the iPod does. While two makers, Creative and Archos, indeed preceded Apple, their produc...Correction of Dec 16 article on rivals to Apple iPod regarding origins of portable players that store music on hard drivesSauerkraut uses an alias in France: choucroute. There it reaches its apotheosis, chiefly in Alsace.R W Apple Jr article on choucroute garni--sauerkraut with meat, sausage or even fish--served in restaurants of Alsace, France; photos (M)Q. Is there an easy way to transfer all my files and settings from an old iMac with Jaguar to a new iMac running Panther?Sales of recorded music in the United States are on the rise for the first time in four years.Nielsen SoundScan is expected to report that recording industry registered sales of about 667 million albums in 2004, increase of about 1.6 percent; best-selling album was Usher's Confessions by Sony BMG Music Entertainment, which sold more than 8 million copies (S)The Sony Corporation of America has named Philip R. Wiser its chief technology officer. Mr. Wiser will help oversee the Sony digital entertainment division, which includes Sony Connect, the company's answer to Apple iPod and iTunes products. Mr. W...Sony Corp of America names Philip R Wiser its chief technology officer (S)Under the terms of Microsoft's antitrust settlement, businesses and individual consumers in California who bought Windows, Word, Excel, Office or certain other Microsoft products from 1995 to 2001 are eligible for rebates on technology purchases.Businesses and individual consumers in California who bought Windows, Word, Excel, Office or certain other Microsoft products from 1995 to 2001 are eligible for rebates on technology purchases under terms of Microsoft's antitrust settlement (S)It was a spectacular year for some of the largest Internet stocks like Google, Yahoo and eBay. But despite these gains, many investors remain wary of mutual funds that focus on the sector - and for good reason.Investors remain wary of mutual funds that focus on Internet stocks despite strong performance of such individual stocks as Google, Yahoo and eBay in 2004; many analysts say caution is justified (M)Electronics manufacturers are designing products that are smaller and lighter, yet offering more and more gadgets that travelers feel compelled to take with them.Article on lightweight portable electronic devices that help business traveler stay connected and and at the same time cut down on heavy load; Craig Ellison, director of operations for PC Magazine Labs, comments; photo (M)"