b"Apple Computer's quarterly earnings showed continued strong growth of its iPod digital music player and impressive personal computer sales in the U.S.Apple Computer's net income for third quarter rises to $320 million from $61 million a year earlier, as revenue rises 75 percent, to $3.5 billion, lifted by Ipod music player sales of $1.1 billion; company also cites strong start for latest version of Macintosh OS X operating system, named Tiger, which sold more than two million copies during its first quarter of availability, with revenues of more than $100 million (M)When a hard drive fails, wiping out years of documents, photos and other data, is there anything to do but cry? Possibly. Atcompanies like DriveSavers, data can often be brought back to life.A federal judge sent a message to corporate leaders about their fiduciary duty when she handed down a particularly long jail term to a wayward chief executive. Across town, meanwhile, a big investment bank agreed to pay a departing co-president tw...The Standard & Poor&#39;s 500-stock index closed at its highest level in four years, after good earnings news from Apple, lower-than-expected inflation in June and stronger-than-expected retail sales.What is involved in taking a college course online? And: What do you use S.M.S. for on a cellphone?REMEDY Already considered an innovator in cancer treatments, Genentech will report its quarterly earnings but analysts, investors and even patients may be watching to see how the company drug maker will capitalize on recent positive clinical trial...In the face of growing legions of digital pests, many PC owners are simply replacing embattled machines rather than fixing them.STOLER--Barney. Of Sunrise, FL. Formerly of Brooklyn, NY, passed away gently and peacefully in his sleep on July 14, 2005. Barney enjoyed over 90 glorious years, 62 years of which he shared with his wife, Jean. Barney was a devoted and adored fath...The Founder of WorldCom Is Sentenced To 25 Years in Prison for $11 Billion Fraud  Bernard J. Ebbers, the former chairman of WorldCom whose name has become synonymous with corporate greed, was sentenced to 25 years in prison for orchestrating a rec...Strong economic data and healthy earnings reports from companies like PepsiCo and Apple Computer took the stock market higher last week for the third consecutive week. On Friday, the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index reached a four-year high.     ..."