b"Shares of Apple Computer dropped almost 5 percent on Friday on speculation that the company might be experiencing a slowdown in sales of iPods.To the Editor: Regarding ''A 'Lost' Cornwall Garden Regains Its Glory,'' by R.W. Apple Jr. (May 15): A problem with Heligan is the mob scene, particularly on sunny weekends. Unlike most of the great English gardens, however, Heligan is open year r...Paula Boyer Rougny letter on R W Apple Jr's May 15 travel article on visit to Heligan garden in Cornwall, EngI keep a spreadsheet file on my laptop with the passwords to all my online accounts and the Social Security numbers of my family members. How do I protect it?A number of services - some free, some for a fee - help you store and retrieve computer files while you are traveling or simply shuttling between work and home.What if you could tap into an enormous library of video over the Internet for viewing on yourtelevision at your convenience? Akimbo is a service promising just that.David Pogue column on Akimbo's TiVo-like settop box that can tap into enormous library of television shows stored on Internet; says catalog consists of shows from no-name networks, productions from overseas networks and even short video clips that can already be seen free on Web; says settop box costs $200 and monthly fee is $10 to get no-name shows, plus additional fee of $2.99 per show; photos (M)Paul Holm, above, has been a home-brewer and amateur winemaker for about 12 years. Last fall he turned his hobby into a business with a particular niche. He makes mead, the medieval honey-based wine. His company, the Long Island Meadery, in Holbro...The latest thing? Thumb pianos plugged into cast-off loudspeakers.History suggests that the founders would prefer the filibuster to the times when democracy moves too fast.Op-Ed article by Prof Paul C Light says Senate majority leader Bill Frist, who inveighs against 'tyranny of the minority' that threatens filibusters of judicial nominations, says nothing about other forms of minority tyranny in Congress; cites as example conference committees, which bypass back-and-forth in which House and Senate are supposed to trade versions of legislation until they reach agreement; cites also omnibus bills, calling them yet another legislative accelerant that founding fathers might view as violation of their constitutional design; concludes that Frist only opposes minority tyranny that is opposed to him (M)A chef makes cooking in a private home his personal best.Some of the new season's books suggest a universal truism: travel is never easy."