b"Three alphabet books feature that ultimate comfort food, apple pie.Sales for portable devices that play video have been disappointing so far, but that isn't keeping several companies from trying to create a market for them.The networks said they would sell reruns of their top new shows within hours of their broadcast for 99 cents an episode through video-on-demand services.CBS and NBC Universal television networks, in separate moves, will start selling reruns of their top new shows within hours of their broadcast for 99 cents an episode through video-on-demand services on cable and satellite; moves follow ABC's recent deal to make several its shows available for paid downloads on Apple's iPod portable music and video player; for Comcast Corp and DirecTV, cable and satellite companies whose subscribers will have access to shows, it represents another step in effort to appeal to consumers who want more control over where, when and how they consume entertainment; CBS will offer CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, NCIS, Survivor and The Amazing Race on video-on-demand services sold by Comcast; NBC will sell six shows from its NBC television network including Law & Order: SVU and The Office; will also offer Monk on its USA Network and Battlestar Galactica on Sci-Fi Channel (M)The National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences plans to recognize original video content for computers, cellphones and other hand-held devices.National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences is expected to announce it has created Emmy award category to recognize original video content for computers, cellphones and other hand-held devices; category is to have its debut at academy's next Sports Emmys presentation, and ultimately be added as category for other Emmy presentations as well (M)Tiny, big-eyed creatures find a new home \xc2\x97 in theback pockets of fans.Microsoft must alter its business or face being at a competitive disadvantage to a growing array of companies, according to memorandums written by company executives.The latest mania in media-land is finding new ways to be paid for old material.GUEST--Lucy (CZ). Dear Mummy, I miss you so. The apple orchard is busting. You would be so proud. I Love You, CorneliaI knew that headline would get your attention. If you've heard of a videopodcast, then this message is for you. There's been a bit of noise about the new video services offered by Apple. In an effort to stay ahead the curve, I'm trying an experime...I knew that headline would get your attention. If you've heard of a videopodcast, then this message is for you. There's been a bit of noise about the new video services offered by Apple. In an effort to stay ahead the curve, I'm trying an experiment, with the help of Naka Nathaniel, my partner in [...]Come November, New York shifts gears from cupcakes, doughnuts and black-and-whites to pies. Apple, pecan and pumpkin head the list. They also head the list at Tom Colicchio's three 'Wichcraft sandwich shops in Manhattan, which for the first time a..."