b'Apple Computer said yesterday that the chief executive of Google, Eric Schmidt, was joining its board.     Mr. Schmidt was elected to the board at a meeting yesterday, Apple said. Mr. Schmidt, 51, came to Google from Novell in 2001.  Google chief executive Eric Schmidt is elected to Apple Computer board (S)Apple Computer said that the chief executive of Google, Eric Schmidt, was elected to its board on Tuesday.The alliance between Google and Apple may make the prospect of outdueling Microsoft\xe2\x80\x99s empire better than ever.Among the speculation sparked by the addition of Google Chief Executive Eric Schmidt to the board of Apple Computer was technology maven John Dvorak\'s suggestion that it might be a prelude to a union between Apple and - no, not Google - Sun Micros...Among the speculation sparked by the addition of Google Chief Executive Eric Schmidt to the board of Apple Computer was technology maven John Dvorak\'s suggestion that it might be a prelude to a union between Apple and - no, not Google - Sun Microsystems. It was, wrote Peter Mortensen on the Cult of Mac Blog, [...]Soon after it was announced that Google chief Eric Schmidt would join the board at Apple Computer, the big question was "What does it mean?" Now, with a day or so to digest, the conversation turns to a different, but related query: "Is it good for...Soon after it was announced that Google chief Eric Schmidt would join the board at Apple Computer, the big question was "What does it mean?" Now, with a day or so to digest, the conversation turns to a different, but related query: "Is it good for the bankers?" That is to say: What merger possibilities [...]Because of an editing error, a front-page article yesterday about the addition of Google\'s chief executive, Eric E. Schmidt, to the Apple Computer board referred imprecisely to the origins of Pixar, the digital film studio led by Apple\'s co-founde...Correction of August 31 article about Google chief executive Eric E Schmidt joining Apple Computer board; origin of Pixar studio noted as well as name of William N Joy, Schmidt\'s former colleagueOver the years, Steven P. Jobs, the chief executive of Apple Computer, has had a somewhat contentious relationship with the news media. Most recently, Apple sued a Web site, seeking to learn the identities of anonymous sources that had leaked it c...Apple Computer\'s chief executive Steven P Jobs was asked by Reporters Without Borders, journalism advocacy group, to intercede on behalf of Chinese reporters Wang You and Weng Bao who are facing $3.8 million lawsuit by Taiwanese contract electronic manufacturer Foxconn, which assembles iPods for Apple; company accused reporters of \'smearing its reputation\' in article criticizing working conditions; Apple says report of labor abuses is false and that it is working behind scenes to resolve dispute between Foxconn and journalists; Foxconn has dropped its request for damages; photo (M)Apple Computer said yesterday that the chief executive of Google, Eric Schmidt, was joining its board, linking two of Silicon Valley\'s most iconic - and maverick - companies. The announcement set off an understandable wave of speculation about dee...Apple Computer said yesterday that the chief executive of Google, Eric Schmidt, was joining its board, linking two of Silicon Valley\'s most iconic - and maverick - companies. The announcement set off an understandable wave of speculation about deeper ties between the two companies, many focused on a push to undercut Microsoft. Apple already had [...]Each new advance in energy storage seems to offer us a Faustian choice, and we always take the devil\xe2\x80\x99s side: knowledge (talk- or surfing-time) over safety.A new service, supported by advertisements, will let consumers download a huge catalog of songs from the world\xe2\x80\x99s largest record company for free.'