Apple Computer, the maker of iPod music players, delayed filing its financial statements on Friday for the second time, and said it would restate earnings to account for backdated stock-option grants. The size of any charge related to the options ...Apple Computer, the maker of iPod music players, delayed filing its financial statements on Friday for the second time, and said it would restate earnings to account for backdated stock-option grants. The size of any charge related to the options has not been finalized. Apple, based in Cupertino, California, said it now planned to file [...]As they ponder how to outdo YouTube, media giants like NBC Universal and Viacom are discussing partnering to build a competing distributor of Internet video.Just how formalized is Microsoft's copying department?Just how formalized is Microsoft's copying department?Kristin Chenoweth talks about her roles in "The Apple Tree" and "The West Wing."New shows in New York include revivals of "The Apple Tree" and "Meet Me in St. Louis."New shows in New York include revivals of "The Apple Tree" and "Meet Me in St. Louis."	 The stylish 2002 brut from Domaine Carneros in Napa replicates the delicacy found in Champagnes from Taittinger, its French owner. Maple has new dimensions.A would-be banker who does ballroom dancing. The life of a first-year lawyer. Steve Jobs. These were a few of the topics that got DealBook readers talking - a lot. As a year-end experiment, we went through the DealBook posts of 2006 and found the ...A would-be banker who does ballroom dancing. The life of a first-year lawyer. Steve Jobs. These were a few of the topics that got DealBook readers talking - a lot. As a year-end experiment, we went through the DealBook posts of 2006 and found the ones that got the most comments from readers. The results [...]When federal investigators looked into manipulated stock-option grants this year, what emerged was a scandal entangling at least 120 companies, from Apple to the UnitedHealth Group. Next came a small glossary of new terms, so those without account...