b"Microsoft's interest in making its own hand-held music and video player indicates that its old way of doing things is not working in its battle against Apple Computer's iPod.Microsoft's digital device would be equipped with wireless Internet capability that would allow users to download music without being connected to a PC.Apple Computer said its executives were being sued because of its announcement that it might have manipulated stock option grants.Price discrimination &#151; charging some buyers more for essentially the same product or service &#151; often metes out rough justice.The 2004 Jean Manciat M\xc3\xa2con Charnay Franclieu, a Burgundian chardonnay, is an inviting first-course opener for summerApple Computer said yesterday that its executives were being sued by shareholders because of the company's announcement last week that it might have manipulated stock option grants. Two lawsuits filed in California make claims against current and ...Apple Computer said yesterday that its executives were being sued by shareholders because of the company's announcement last week that it might have manipulated stock option grants. Two lawsuits filed in California make claims against current and former executives and directors as to how the company awarded the grants. Apple said last week it was [...]I found these notes from a panel that featured ex-Apple and ex-Microsoft software designers, discussing how Mac OS X and Vista came into existence.Camilla von der Heyde Lindley, a daughter of Jane von der Heyde Lindley and David M. Lindley of New York, was married on Monday to Stephen Brian Lynch, a son of Joan Lynch and Stephen C. Lynch of Alamo, Calif. The Rev. Charles W. B. Fels, an Episc...Lingering caution before Friday's employment report for June limited gains in the broader market.INTERNATIONAL A3-12    Mexican Winner Declared After Official Vote Count  After days of uncertainty, election officials declared that Felipe Calder\xc3\xb3n, a conservative free-trader, had won the race for president after the official count gave him an ..."