b"The forest of products includes a baby stroller from Kolcraft with a slot for an iPod and a belt called the TuneBuckle with an iPod holder as the buckle.The Internet provides plenty of details for those who can't get enough of what may be the white-collar trial of the century.What's Online column; Houston Chronicle blog's and Wikipedia.com offer extensive coverage of trial of former Enron executives Kenneth Lay and Jeffrey Skilling; Leander Kahney, writer of Cult of Mac column for Wired News, says Steven Jobs has skated away from responsibilities that come with great wealth and power; Abercrombie & Fitch chief executive Mike Jeffries tells Salon.com he wants to market to 'cool, good-looking people'; drawing (M)Microsoft executives are discussing their alternative to the $100 laptop: turning a cellphone into a computer by connecting it to a television and a keyboard.Apparently being a television star and a self-proclaimed billionaire isn't enough. Last month, Donald J. Trump started a new travel site -- called, of course, gotrump.com -- powered by Travelocity. But one New York hotel listed, the Mayflower at 1...Mike Modano was feeling his age. The Tex-Mex and chocolate weren't helping. He had to relearn how to eat.Goeff Van Dyke Phys Ed column discusses Dallas Stars center Mike Modano, who changed his diet to feel younger and play better; photos (M)A small but beautiful retrospective of John Szarkowski's work at the Museum of Modern Art reiterates his voice and taste in beautiful, knowable images.Roberta Smith reviews photographs by John Szarkowski at Museum of Modern Art; photo (M)Choristers From Dublin       So old is the Choir of Christ Church Cathedral in Dublin that it took part in the first performance of Handel's ''Messiah'' in 1742. But the choir's history goes back a lot further, to 1493. Christ Church -- one of two...Serious pizza finds a home on the Lower East Side, the Hampton Chutney Co. opens an outpost on the Upper West Side and Christian Delouvrier flies south for the winter.THERE is a trend in hotels, epitomized by super-deluxe resorts such as the Wynn Las Vegas and the MGM Grand, offering clients upscale restaurant dining in the hotel, often with a big-name chef at the stove. The restaurant then serves as a destinat...8 P.M. (HBO) THE UPSIDE OF ANGER -- (2005). It is so nice to be able to like Kevin Costner again. He plays a lovable slob, a retired baseball player who develops something more than a friendship with a suburban neighbor (the superb Joan Allen, abo..."