b'French politicians have abandoned one of the guiding principles of antitrust economics: penalize companies that harm consumers, not the ones that are building better products.Austan Goolsbee Economic Scene column opposes French National Assembly approval of bill that would require Apple Computer to open software codes of its iTunes music store to let files work on music players other than iPod; holds opening codes threatens Apple\'s link with major record labels that lets them sell much of their best content online and could dissuade Apple from continuing to improve free iTunes content (M)Apple Computer argued Thursday that neither a journalist nor a blogger has the right to publish a company\'s trade secrets, in a case that could determine just how much protection publishers - online or off - have in the digital age. The Cupertino ...Apple Computer argued Thursday that neither a journalist nor a blogger has the right to publish a company\'s trade secrets, in a case that could determine just how much protection publishers - online or off - have in the digital age. The Cupertino computer- and iPod-maker is seeking to find the source that leaked details [...]After reading Hemingway\'s "A Moveable Feast," Jon Rowley experienced a kind of epiphany that shaped not only his life but, eventually, the oyster culture of the Pacific Northwest.RealNetworks has patented what it calls an "intelligent" way of streaming multimedia data over potentially congested networks.Travel-themed podcasts include offerings from Fodors.com, RickSteves.com, and BudgetTravelOnline.com.The French National Assembly\'s approval of a bill that would require Apple Computer to crack open the software codes of its iTunes music store and let the files work on players other than the iPod has left many experts wondering (as ever): What ha...The French National Assembly\'s approval of a bill that would require Apple Computer to crack open the software codes of its iTunes music store and let the files work on players other than the iPod has left many experts wondering (as ever): What has possessed the French? In their fervor to free listeners from the [...]Apple Computer C.E.O. Steve Jobs said Thursday he had no interest in becoming an executive at The Walt Disney Company, which will soon complete its acquisition of Jobs\' other company, Pixar Animation Studios. In fact, Mr. Jobs told shareholders he...Apple Computer C.E.O. Steve Jobs said Thursday he had no interest in becoming an executive at The Walt Disney Company, which will soon complete its acquisition of Jobs\' other company, Pixar Animation Studios. In fact, Mr. Jobs told shareholders he plans to spend more time at Apple Computer after he relinquishes his chief executive job [...]In corporate America, few status symbols rival the one-figure salary. Googlers Sergey Brin, Larry Page and Eric Schmidt are part of an exclusive club of top executives who drew $1 annual salaries last year. No bonuses. No stock-option grants. Othe...In corporate America, few status symbols rival the one-figure salary. Googlers Sergey Brin, Larry Page and Eric Schmidt are part of an exclusive club of top executives who drew $1 annual salaries last year. No bonuses. No stock-option grants. Other members include Richard Kinder, co-founder of energy company Kinder Morgan, Apple Computer Chief Executive Steve [...]Starting 37 years ago with a few dozen employees assembling electric fans in a small workshop, Samsung is now the world\'s largest consumer electronics company.'