b'French lawmakers approved copyright legislation that requires online music vendors to make songs available for use on any digital player.French lawmakers approve copyright legislation with novel approach to idea of digital freedom of choice: requiring online music vendors to make songs available for use on any digital player; representatives in France of Apple Computer, which sells market-leading iPod music player and operates iTunes Music Store, decline comment on bill; some analysts speculate Apple might quit French online-music market rather than share proprietary technology that is elemental part of its business model (M)In the sick computer waiting room at Tekserve in Manhattan, Apple users anxiously wait to see if their computers can be fixed or their documents recovered.Manhattan store Tekserve helps people whose Apple computers have failed them; photos (M)French lawmakers approved copyright legislation on Tuesday with a novel approach to the idea of digital freedom of choice: requiring online music vendors to make songs available for use on any digital player. Go to Article from The New York Times ...French lawmakers approved copyright legislation on Tuesday with a novel approach to the idea of digital freedom of choice: requiring online music vendors to make songs available for use on any digital player. Go to Article from The New York Times \xc2\xbb Go to Article from Variety (Subscription Required) \xc2\xbb Go to Article from Reuters [...]Microsoft said that its new Windows operating system would not be ready for consumer personal computers for the holiday sales season.The I.P.O. propsectus is the stock market\'s Breathalyzer: Its reading can tell you whether executives and investors in a company are operating under the influence of some reality-distorting substance, according to TheStreet.com\'s Kevin Kelleher. A...The I.P.O. propsectus is the stock market\'s Breathalyzer: Its reading can tell you whether executives and investors in a company are operating under the influence of some reality-distorting substance, according to TheStreet.com\'s Kevin Kelleher. And there are some hearty fumes coming off the prospectus from Acquicor Technology, a company founded by Gil Amelio, best remembered [...]Three executives have agreed to plead guilty and serve prison sentences in the U.S. for their roles in a price-fixing conspiracy.Samsung executives Sun Woo Lee, Yeongho Kang and Young Woo Lee reportedly agree to plead guilty and serve prison sentences in US for their roles in dynamic random access memory chip price-fixing conspiracy; each also agrees to pay $250,000 fine (M)Moog Music       Devotees of synthesizer music know the story of Robert Moog, the instrument builder who died last year, and worship the pioneering electronic music instruments that bear his name. But few seem as familiar with Herb Deutsch, emerit...Footlights column; Herb Deutsch, who helped develop Moog synthesizer, will hold lecture, Moog to Mac, at Hewlett-Windmere Public Library in Hewlett, NY; photo (M)Google co-founder Larry Page is an icon among Internet entrepreneurs, but his older brother Carl is no slouch either when it comes to technology start-ups. The elder Mr. Page, who founded eGroups in 1997 and sold it to Yahoo three years later, has...Google co-founder Larry Page is an icon among Internet entrepreneurs, but his older brother Carl is no slouch either when it comes to technology start-ups. The elder Mr. Page, who founded eGroups in 1997 and sold it to Yahoo three years later, has just raised money for his latest venture, Handheld Entertainment. In fact, Handheld [...]Regulators at the NASD are in the early stages of an investigation into initial public offerings of "blank check" companies, according to TheStreet.com. Drawing special attention in the inquiry is EarlyBirdCapital, a New York firm that has been ei...Regulators at the NASD are in the early stages of an investigation into initial public offerings of "blank check" companies, according to TheStreet.com. Drawing special attention in the inquiry is EarlyBirdCapital, a New York firm that has been either the lead underwriter or co-manager on about half of the 47 blank-check I.P.O.\'s to come to [...]Q. How do I grow big, beautiful apples without using too much poison, and when do I start?'