In more than 40 years, R.W. Apple Jr. wrote about war and revolution, politics and government, food and drink, and the revenge of living well from more than 100 countries.Based on a half-century of seeking out the best food in the world, a longtime New York Times correspondent recommends 10 restaurants, from Mumbai to Buenos Aires, that are worth getting on a plane for.APPLE--R.W., Jr. I was so proud to call Johnny my cousin and I really adored being with him. His musings always made the ''The New York Times'' brighter and much more delicious reading. I never stopped learning from him and always ate better becau...APPLE--R.W., Jr. I was so proud to call Johnny my cousin and I really adored being with him. His musings always made the ''The New York Times'' brighter and much more delicious reading. I never stopped learning from him and always ate better becau...APPLE--R.W., Jr. I was so proud to call Johnny my cousin and I really adored being with him. His musings always made the ''The New York Times'' brighter and much more delicious reading. I never stopped learning from him and always ate better becau...Apple said an internal review found that Steven P. Jobs knew the company was backdating stock options to inflate their value.Apple may dominate the MP3 market, but other players have their fans and laudable features. An obituary yesterday about R.W. Apple Jr., a correspondent and editor at The New York Times, omitted the city of residence of one survivor and omitted the surname of another. Mr. Apple's stepson, John Brown, lives in Alexandria, Va., and Mr. Appl...For the Record correction of Oct 5 obituary of R W Apple JrFrom Executive Editor Bill Keller: Colleagues, I'm deeply saddened to report that Johnny Apple – the great Johnny Apple – died overnight. As many of you know, he had been engaged in a long struggle with thoracic cancer, a bout that gave Applesque ...From Executive Editor Bill Keller: Colleagues, I'm deeply saddened to report that Johnny Apple – the great Johnny Apple – died overnight. As many of you know, he had been engaged in a long struggle with thoracic cancer, a bout that gave Applesque luster to the word "valiant." From his sickbed he hammered out his [...]An article in Business Day on Thursday about irregularities in stock option grants at Apple Computer included an erroneous reference to Microsoft in a discussion of other companies with such problems. Microsoft has not announced an investigation i...Correction on Oct 5 article about irregularities in stock option grants at Apple Computer; Microsoft has not announced investigation into options pricing