Johnny Apple was a gourmand, but he was not a snob, at least when it came to matters of food and wine. He loved it all, and he loved it in enormous amounts.A protest in Paris reflects a growing concern that laws intended to prevent digital piracy place unacceptable limits on the use of legally purchased songs and videos.Apple Computer tried last week to answer questions about its problems with stock options, but in the end it left plenty unanswered.Former vice president Al Gore has been asked to help uncover inconvenient truths about Apple's stock options backdating, The Guardian reported Thursday. Mr. Gore, a non-executive director of Apple, is on a committee charged with looking into how A...Former vice president Al Gore has been asked to help uncover inconvenient truths about Apple's stock options backdating, The Guardian reported Thursday. Mr. Gore, a non-executive director of Apple, is on a committee charged with looking into how Apple rewarded its leadership. Also on the committee are a former General Motors director, Jerome York, and [...]Not even the forced departure of several high-profile chief executives was enough to damp investors’ enthusiasm.New releases from Gladys Knight, Mindy Smith, Lloyd Banks, Lloyd Cole and Jimmy Buffett.On the market for less than a decade, though still hard to find and unknown to many consumers, the Honeycrisp apple is already an object lesson in the new economics of ag marketing.Steven A. Ballmer, the chief executive of Microsoft, answered questions about the new Windows Vista operating system, his job and the future of software. "Dear David, "Maybe you've covered this territory already, but I wanted your 2 cents on this: How does one manage to avoid buying the supposed latest-greatest thing, only to have an update/upgrade released shortly after your purchase? "After disco..."Dear David, "Maybe you've covered this territory already, but I wanted your 2 cents on this: How does one manage to avoid buying the supposed latest-greatest thing, only to have an update/upgrade released shortly after your purchase? "After discovering your post back in March about the gadgets you own, I took your cue to check [...]Sequoia Capital’s $11 million dollar bet on Google’s newest acquisition may now be worth $495 million.