Analysts agreed that Apple’s shift to Intel, in a quest to improve upon the performance of the Power PC chips developed by I.B.M. and Motorola, had been a success.Retail stores, iPods and new Intel chips are increasing the appeal of making the jump from a PC to a Mac.Two new operating systems from Apple and Windows are inspiring fierce arguments about which is better. But as far as I can tell, there is no real war.Two new operating systems from Apple and Windows are inspiring fierce arguments about which is better. But as far as I can tell, there is no real war.Two new operating systems from Apple and Windows are inspiring fierce arguments about which is better. But as far as I can tell, there is no real war.DO WE HEAR A PAUSE? The central economic news of the week will emerge from the meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee, which will decide whether to raise the benchmark short-term interest rate — now at 5.25 percent — yet another time. On the... To the Editor:     Re ''Terror Plot Foiled; Airports Quickly Clamp Down'' (front page, Aug. 11):  Nine letters comment on foiled terrorist plot in Britain; John Hilberry says actions of British were classic examples of good international police work; Judith Pulley holds that Bush administration should have used billions of dollars expended in Iraq on effective homeland security measures; Pam Walton maintains that if national security is issue this fall, Pres Bush and Republicans have failed; Nancy Linden says talking tough on terrorism is not same as resolving issue; Dale Netherton disagrees with Aug 11 editorial, which seems to say that defense of US has little to do with politics; drawing; Bill Apple criticizes New York Times for unmasking top-secret American surveillance programs and opposing Bush administration in its war on terror; Mark Fleischer notes that terrorism experts around world have known for years that bombs can be fashioned from plastics, liquids and cellphones; Holly Hart suggests that Federal Aviation Administration should order all departures of airplanes to be two or three hours later than scheduled when there is need to increase airport securityFormer Apple Computer general counsel Nancy Heinen has assembled a team of hard-hitting lawyers to represent her in the ongoing investigation into the Mac maker's stock options practices, according to The Recorder. Ms. Heinen has hired high-profil...Former Apple Computer general counsel Nancy Heinen has assembled a team of hard-hitting lawyers to represent her in the ongoing investigation into the Mac maker's stock options practices, according to The Recorder. Ms. Heinen has hired high-profile defense attorney Cristina Arguedas, as well as Miles Ehrlich, a former head of the white-collar division at the [...]DELPHI HEARING DELAYED The Delphi Corporation, the auto-parts maker, received more time to negotiate with its unions after a judge granted the company’s request to delay hearings on voiding labor contracts. Judge Robert Drain of Federal Bankruptcy...Laptop screens are getting ever denser resolution and smaller type. How can older folks deal with this?Laptop screens are getting ever denser resolution and smaller type. How can older folks deal with this?Laptop screens are getting ever denser resolution and smaller type. How can older folks deal with this?