b"The company said it had found no evidence of child labor or any form of forced-labor at a Chinese factory.The Nike + iPod Sport Kit has a sensor that fits beneath the insole of certain Nike shoes and clocks your speed and distance.Apple Computer will seek a hearing before the Nasdaq Stock Market after being told a delay in filing a quarterly report violates listing requirements. The company submitted documents to regulators on Friday delaying the third-quarter filing and re...Apple Computer will seek a hearing before the Nasdaq Stock Market after being told a delay in filing a quarterly report violates listing requirements. The company submitted documents to regulators on Friday delaying the third-quarter filing and reiterated it may restate earnings after a probe of options backdating found suspicious grants. The shares will continue [...]In addition to college students, young children and teenagers are going to school with more electronic gadgets than ever.I used to believe that I.T. people didn't like Macs because they are less trouble-prone and would make their jobs obsolete. Today, however, I'm convinced that it's a myth.I used to believe that I.T. people didn't like Macs because they are less trouble-prone and would make their jobs obsolete. Today, however, I'm convinced that it's a myth.I used to believe that I.T. people didn't like Macs because they are less trouble-prone and would make their jobs obsolete. Today, however, I'm convinced that it's a myth.Q. Is it possible to connect an external hard drive full of digital music to the U.S.B. port on an AirPort Express base station?DIMSTON--Blanche. In Memoriam 8/19/06 When Eve Upon The First of Men The Apple Pressed With Specious Cant Oh! What A Thousand Pities Then That Adam Was Not Adamant! Blanche 1978Dell is recalling 4.1 million notebook computer batteries because they could erupt in flames. It will be the largest safety recall in the industry\xe2\x80\x99s history.In what was believed to be the largest safety recall in the history of the consumer electronics industry, 4.1 million batteries were recalled."