b"A bill under debate in the French Parliament may require iPods to be able to play music purchased from competing Internet services, not just Apple Computer's own iTunes Music Store.France Weighs Forcing iPods to Play Other Tha8Three former Apple Computer executives, including former chief Gilbert Amelio and co-founder Steve Wozniak, have raised $150 million for company whose sole purpose is to search for technology-related acquisitions. Their company, called Acquicor Te...Three former Apple Computer executives, including former chief Gilbert Amelio and co-founder Steve Wozniak, have raised $150 million for company whose sole purpose is to search for technology-related acquisitions. Their company, called Acquicor Technology, is just the latest in a recent flurry of special-purpose acquisition companies \xe2\x80\x94 also known as blank-check companies or SPAC\xe2\x80\x99s \xe2\x80\x94 [\xe2\x80\xa6]Charleston, S.C., has long been a place for eating well; these days it is a gastronomic boom town.R W Apple Jr article on foods of marshy, island-rimmed Lowcountry of South Carolina, with its complex culinary traditions; recommendations for eateries in Charleston; photos (L)The quantum mysticism industry raises a disturbing question: Do we have to indulge in bad physics to feel good?Dennis Overbye Essay dispels modern adaptation of quantum physics that holds reality can be shaped and improved if people are determined enough to believe in power; drawing (M)To the Editor :     Reading ''Hospital Menus'' reminded me of what I saw in a major hospital. Food served for the elderly ended with a dessert, a fresh fruit. The only problem was the apple was solid as a rock. How could a patient eat this healthy...Robert A Myers letter on March 7 article about hospital food notes that food provided is not always appropriate for patientHere are four quick and workablesolutions to staying in touch wherever you go in the world.Lower Inflation in Labor Department Report May Mean End to Interest Rate Increases  Inflation slowed sharply last month, the Labor Department reported, providing comfort to many investors that the Federal Reserve might be moving closer to ending i...Despite a semblance of peace since the Syrians pulled out, the dust never seems to settle in Lebanon. An earlier occupation, by the French before World War II, left a far more palatable legacy: Beirut has splendid patisseries. Some of the most ext...PERRONE-Priscilla Gillette, 80, Died at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York on Thursday, February 2, 2006 following a period of declining health. Priscilla Gillette was an outstanding vocal talent and made her debut in the first tour of ``Brigadoon''...PERRONE--Priscilla Gillette, 80, Died at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York on Thursday, February 2, 2006 following a period of declining health. Priscilla Gillette was an outstanding vocal talent and made her debut in the first tour of ''Brigadoon'..."