b"European agencies want Apple to remove restrictions that prevent customers from playing music they bought through iTunes on devices made by other companies.The Food section is the first one I look at in the magazine, and sitting in our Putnam County home, thousands of miles from my country of birth, I was pleasantly surprised (and nostalgic) to see R. W. Apple Jr.'s recollection of Leon's Russian Gri...Karina Lima letter comments on R W Apple Jr's May 28 article on Leon's Russian Grill in TehranThe Moscow-based music downloading service AllofMP3.com is a global Internet success story, but the site may be illegal.Apple's popular iTunes music-download service is facing fresh legal attacks in Europe. Government consumer protection agencies in Norway and Sweden want Apple to remove restrictions that prevent customers from playing music they bought through iTu...Apple's popular iTunes music-download service is facing fresh legal attacks in Europe. Government consumer protection agencies in Norway and Sweden want Apple to remove restrictions that prevent customers from playing music they bought through iTunes on devices made by other companies. And in Britain, one of the largest digital music markets, the British recording industry's [...]You would think that it would be easy to record whales on video underwater, but they have eluded underwater cinematographers for years.Ordering at Ladle of Love, a tidy 400-square-foot spot in Mount Kisco, can feel like a form of therapy. Customers sit on one of the three stools and chat with Leslie Lampert and her staff as they wait for takeout or a bowl at the counter. One day ...Alice Gabriel review Ladle of Love restaurant/takeout shop in Mount Kisco, NY (M)Ordering at Ladle of Love, a tidy 400-square-foot spot in Mount Kisco, can feel like a form of therapy. Customers sit on one of the three stools and chat with Leslie Lampert and her staff as they wait for takeout or a bowl at the counter. One day ...The rockers are fans and the World Cup appeals to their global cause.AN agreeable cloud of mystery hovers over Sri Thai in Montclair, one that was not dispelled by two visits and several phone calls over the past couple of months.      In a sense, the restaurant is D\xc3\xa9j\xc3\xa0 Vu all over again: that's the name of the est...David Corcoran reviews Sri Thai restaurant in Montclair, NJ; photos (M)"