b'Apple Computer said it was recalling 1.8 million laptop batteries because they could overheat and catch fire.Apple Computer settled a legal dispute with Creative Technology over its patented music player, agreeing to pay a one-time $100 million licensing fee to use the technology.\nApple Computer said on Wednesday it will pay $100 million to rival Creative Technology to settle all patent litigation over Apple\'s popular iPod music player. The agreement gives Apple a license to use a Creative patent in its music player and oth...Apple Computer said on Wednesday it will pay $100 million to rival Creative Technology to settle all patent litigation over Apple\'s popular iPod music player. The agreement gives Apple a license to use a Creative patent in its music player and other products and settles all legal disputes between the two companies, Apple said. Go [...]Microsoft said that Toshiba would make the Zune portable media player, Microsoft\xe2\x80\x99s answer to the iPod from Apple Computer.Like a video of exploding Coke and Mentos candies, YouTube just seems to demand attention. And, in a different way, so does Paris Hilton. So Tuesday\'s news that Ms. Hilton is using YouTube, the immensely popular online video-sharing service, to ma...Like a video of exploding Coke and Mentos candies, YouTube just seems to demand attention. And, in a different way, so does Paris Hilton. So Tuesday\'s news that Ms. Hilton is using YouTube, the immensely popular online video-sharing service, to market her debut CD was getting a lot of play. While intriguing in its own [...]For years, Apple avoided advertising the fact that Mac OS X hasn\'t come under a single virus attack "in the wild." But now Apple has changed its tune.For years, Apple avoided advertising the fact that Mac OS X hasn\'t come under a single virus attack "in the wild." But now Apple has changed its tune.For years, Apple avoided advertising the fact that Mac OS X hasn\'t come under a single virus attack "in the wild." But now Apple has changed its tune.The batteries were made by a unit of Sony, which also made the 4.1 million batteries recalled by Dell last week.Sam Querrey has accepted a wild-card entry into the United States Open and is generating high expectations as an 18-year-old. Dell\xe2\x80\x99s recall of more than four million laptop batteries has brought renewed attention to the temperamental nature of a crucial power source.'