b"A 60-gigabyte iPod can hold roughly five seasons' worth of a player's at-bats. Pitchers can get all their performances, along with opponents' at-bats.I'm a huge raving iMovie nut, but a recent video project took me to the program's limits.I'm a huge raving iMovie nut, but a recent video project took me to the program's limits.I\xe2\x80\x99m a huge raving iMovie nut, but a recent video project took me to the program's limits.Q. Can the data on a U.S.B. flash drive be password-protected?A new class of sites offer simple tools for stringing together video clips and then adding soundtracks, titles, transitions and unusual visual effects.Fears about higher interest rates, rising inflation and a slowing economy sent stocks lower, with emerging markets taking the biggest hit.After college, do people follow a job, or settle in to a place and then find work? Two-thirds do the latter, according to a survey of 1000 people aged 25 to 34. New York was the top-choice city for those surveyed, followed by San Francisco. Anchor...After college, do people follow a job, or settle in to a place and then find work? Two-thirds do the latter, according to a survey of 1000 people aged 25 to 34. New York was the top-choice city for those surveyed, followed by San Francisco. Anchorage topped the list of places that those surveyed would [...]Denis Leary wears many hats. He is the star, writer and executive producer of the hit FX network drama ''Rescue Me,'' in which he plays an embittered New York City firefighter. He is also a comedian, a fervent hockey player and a philanthropist: h...pulse: what i'm wearing now: the father and son**Dennis Leary, star, writer and producer of television show Rescue Me, and his son, Jack, share same taste in jeans, jackets and T-shirts; photo (S)Now that some airlines are charging for drinks in economy, my wife suggests that on our next flight we take our own wine and sandwiches. Is this permitted? Can You Turn a Flight Into A B.Y.O.B. Affair?    Now that some airlines (especially United States carriers) are charging for drinks in economy, my wife suggests that on our next flight we take our own wine and sandwiches. Is this permitted? -- Bri..."