Apple Computer said Thursday that it had uncovered irregularities related to stock options awarded between 1997 and 2001.An article by The Associated Press in Business Day on Friday, about a vote by French lawmakers to ease restrictions on a draft copyright law, referred imprecisely to the ability of the Apple iPod to play tunes from online music stores other than A...Correction: June 23 article about vote by French lawmakers to ease restrictions on draft copyright law referred incorrectly to ability of Apple iPod to play music from online music stores other than Apple'sThe law will also reduce the penalties for the illegal downloading of music to little more than a parking fine.Apple will not say how much it costs to make iPods, and that bothers Robert Renck, who runs the private research firm R. L. Renck & Company.IPods do not have a security slot, so the Mobile Security Lock for iPod makes use of the docking connector to help secure them.Apple Computer and its chief executive are likely to come under heavy scrutiny following the company's announcement yesterday that it had uncovered irregularities related to stock options awarded between 1997 and 2001. The move raises questions ab...Apple Computer and its chief executive are likely to come under heavy scrutiny following the company's announcement yesterday that it had uncovered irregularities related to stock options awarded between 1997 and 2001. The move raises questions about whether a grant made to chief executive Steven P. Jobs, one of the largest ever, was properly disclosed. [...]Who in his right mind would expect to find a fairly formal French restaurant — jackets for the gentlemen, please — on a drab downtown corner in easy-living San Antonio?Previously, consumers needed to buy new Dell equipment to qualify for free recycling.McDERMOTT--Kay, Age 67. NY Public library volunteer, Big Apple greeter, senior road runner, and many other selfless endeavors. A caring, generous, loving lady. A friend to all in need, a loss to her community and the many who loved her.The fight against global warming has largely focused on reducing greenhouse gases. But what if ... ?