Confounding Wall Street skeptics, Apple Computer released quarterly financial results that showed strong growth in both its iPod and notebook businesses.Part of the project, code-named Zune and set to go on sale this year, is a service that will compete with Apple’s iTunes.They were bundled up in candy-apple red outside the Madison Avenue offices of Sony BMG Music Entertainment one frigid morning in early 2005, petitioning for the release of a new album by their idol: ''We want Fiona! We want Fiona!'' It had been fi...By writing about it, talking about it, selling it and proselytizing for it in every way he can, Terry Theise has established himself as the most knowledgeable and articulate champion of Austrian wine.New services allow print runs of a few, or just one, for customers ranging from aspiring authors to anyone who needs a bound document. Stocks fell yesterday after Intel reported the sharpest decline in profit since 2001 and Ford Motor posted an unexpected loss.Q. Is there a way to get online by connecting a cellphone to a laptop computer?A small apple orchard away from the Lebanese border, Israeli troops prepared on Friday to secure an area in Lebanon being used by Hezbollah to launch rockets into northern Israel.Shares of Audible, a provider of downloadable audio content, rose 6.8 percent Monday after an analyst suggested that the company could be a takeover target. An analyst with ThinkEquity Partners wrote in a Monday note that Audible's depressed enter...Shares of Audible, a provider of downloadable audio content, rose 6.8 percent Monday after an analyst suggested that the company could be a takeover target. An analyst with ThinkEquity Partners wrote in a Monday note that Audible's depressed enterprise value might spark potential suitors like Apple or RealNetworks to buy the company.Old-line New York brokerage Ladenburg Thalmann replaced its chairman and its chief financial officer and announced it was leaving the Big Apple behind for sunny Miami. The firm's majority shareholder, Dr. Philip Frost, replaced chairman Howard Lor...Old-line New York brokerage Ladenburg Thalmann replaced its chairman and its chief financial officer and announced it was leaving the Big Apple behind for sunny Miami. The firm's majority shareholder, Dr. Philip Frost, replaced chairman Howard Lorber. Salvatore Giardina, the chief financial officer, also resigned his post at the 130-year old investment bank. No reason [...]