Federal prosecutors are strongly considering criminal charges against former executives of Broadcom, Apple, and KLA-Tencor, related to the backdating of stock options, The Wall Street Journal reported. Prosecutors are also nearing charges against ...Federal prosecutors are strongly considering criminal charges against former executives of Broadcom, Apple, and KLA-Tencor, related to the backdating of stock options, The Wall Street Journal reported. Prosecutors are also nearing charges against a former official of computer-security company McAfee, the report said. In addition, a former executive of Engineered Support Systems, a defense contractor [...]Apple’s latest wireless access point and router is its first to use a technology that approaches wired-network speeds.A senator’s proposal to tackle the problem of “iPod oblivion” is seen by some as a bit nanny-minded and intrusive.When I turn on my computer I receive a message that includes “Windows Defender Application failed to initialize.” What can I do to fix this error?Wall Street extended its losses yesterday as investors, disappointed by the collapse of several closely watched acquisition deals, awaited a stream of critical economic data this week.Bespoke, it seems, is the restaurant name on everyone’s lips in the New Haven area these days.The Pit Stop in Merrick looks like a 1950s diner. Its red neon sign advertises “Good Eats!” with a beckoning arrow, and oversized plate-glass windows look out onto commercial traffic roaring past on Sunrise Highway. But once inside you’ll find a m...The Dutch Epicure Shop has been a mainstay of Litchfield life for more than 40 years. When the German-born Wolfgang Joas and his Dutch wife, Betsy, took it over in 1967, it was a modest bakery. Over the years the Joases and their daughter Wilma ha...Chelsea Art Museum  556 West 22nd Street  Through Feb. 24       Michael Bevilacqua is known for paintings that use a bright, animation- and design-inspired palette, with numerous references to bands, fashion and drugs. The drawings in this exhibit...Martha Schwendener reviews works by Michael Bevilacqua at Chelsea Art Museum (M)