As storage gets cheaper and download speeds faster, digital music files are moving closer to CD quality.Bill Gates and Steven P. Jobs appeared in public to relive old battles and speculate about the future of digital culture and technology.In a highly anticipated encounter, Bill Gates of Microsoft and Steven P. Jobs of Apple took the stage Wednesday evening to relive old battles and alliances and speculate about the future of digital culture and technology.     Rivals for three deca...Microsoft's Bill Gates and Apple's Steven P Jobs take stage to revive old battles and alliances and speculate about future of digital culture and technology at D: All Things Digital conference, Carlsbad, Calif; tone of session is described as mild (M)The company reversed itself and said that it would begin selling a two-handed laptop-size machine called the Foleo.Madison Dearborn Partners will acquire the CDW Corporation, a leading online computer reseller, for $7.3 billion.The TV stock-picker James Cramer certainly draws plenty of criticism. It was just about the strangest call I'd ever received from Microsoft. "We have a new product we want to show you," said the PR woman (I'm paraphrasing). "But we can't tell you what it is, or even what category. But it's truly revolutionary. It's ...It was just about the strangest call I'd ever received from Microsoft. "We have a new product we want to show you," said the PR woman (I'm paraphrasing). "But we can't tell you what it is, or even what category. But it's truly revolutionary. It's going to change the way people work with their computers." [...]Microsoft's version of the multi-touch computer adds one very cool, though impractical, twist: interaction with other electronics.A small apple orchard away from the Lebanese border, Israeli troops prepared on Friday to secure an area in Lebanon being used by Hezbollah to launch rockets into northern Israel.Bill Gates of Microsoft and Steve Jobs of Apple lavish praise on each other.Bill Gates of Microsoft and Steve Jobs of Apple lavish praise on each other.