Apple Inc. has sold its millionth iPhone less than three months after the device’s debut, allaying investor concerns that demand had slowed.iPhone users have felt the sting of high roaming charges with their devices, and many of them are complaining to the company or on blogs.The new iPod models shrink in dimension but grow in capacity and features.Steve Jobs insists that songs on iTunes cost 99 cents and television episodes cost $1.99 because consumers crave simple pricing. Except, of course, when it comes to Apple’s own products.The Mac’s presence in the retail world remains limited, a shame given the rare opportunity for Apple to gain market share that opened up when Vista arrived.Google has already created a stir by saying it may participate in the government's upcoming auction of valuable wireless spectrum. But another tech powerhouse has apparently considered joining the bidding as well: Apple. According to BusinessWeek,...Google has already created a stir by saying it may participate in the government's upcoming auction of valuable wireless spectrum. But another tech powerhouse has apparently considered joining the bidding as well: Apple. According to BusinessWeek, Steve Jobs & Company have studied the implications of joining the auction, which will be held Jan. 16. The [...]Seagate’s chief executive, Bill Watkins, talks about the future of storage and how the company bumbled its attempt to start selling drives to Apple.Seagate’s chief executive, Bill Watkins, talks about the future of storage and how the company bumbled its attempt to start selling drives to Apple.Apple is selling a ringtone and the full song together for $2, and claims that that’s a bargain.Apple announces it has sold 1 million iPhones, beating its target by three weeks. Translation: We did NOT cut the price because sales were slow.Apple announces it has sold 1 million iPhones, beating its target by three weeks. Translation: We did NOT cut the price because sales were slow.At last week's presentation for journalists in California, Apple unveiled a refreshed iPod lineup and several secondary developments. One of them, which I didn't have room to cover in my iPod review today, involves the availability of custom ringt...At last week's presentation for journalists in California, Apple unveiled a refreshed iPod lineup and several secondary developments. One of them, which I didn't have room to cover in my iPod review today, involves the availability of custom ringtones for the iPhone. Ringtones, of course, are little 30-second snippets from pop songs that play on [...]