Apple locks the iPhone, and hackers release it. Again.Apple locks the iPhone, and hackers release it. Again.Google said Monday that it is leading a broad industry effort to develop new software technologies aimed at turning cellphones into powerful mobile computers.T-Mobile’s new Shadow smartphone is supposed to be a communications powerhouse, but there are some drawbacks.A search of Apple’s code unleashes a fever of speculation about what is next. Could it be movie rentals through iTunes?A search of Apple’s code unleashes a fever of speculation about what is next. Could it be movie rentals through iTunes?Gadget-fixing is adapting to the modern era. Web sites can help users find and share solutions that can save a device from the landfill.Cyriac Roeding, executive vice president of CBS Mobile, is an unapologetic entrepreneur who isn’t afraid to take a trial-and-error approach to fielding fresh talent.Google announced that it is leading an industry alliance to transform mobile phones into powerful computers.With Google’s introduction of a cellphone operating system, it adds another front of competition with Apple, even though Eric Schmidt, Google’s chief executive, serves on Apple’s board.With Google’s introduction of a cellphone operating system, it adds another front of competition with Apple, even though Eric Schmidt, Google’s chief executive, serves on Apple’s board.I'm speaking on a Geek Cruise to the Panama Canal-tough job, but somebody's got to do it-so I'll be taking two weeks off from my column, blog and videos. Internet access on the ship is via satellite, so it's pricey and slow. But it's certainly cap...I'm speaking on a Geek Cruise to the Panama Canal-tough job, but somebody's got to do it-so I'll be taking two weeks off from my column, blog and videos. Internet access on the ship is via satellite, so it's pricey and slow. But it's certainly capable of transmitting a Word file, so I thought I'd [...]Readers respond to some of life’s little questions that don’t seem to have good answers.