b"The announcement of a joint news conference to be held in London on Monday set off a torrent of speculation.Regulators said the deals that Apple struck with record labels to stock its European iTunes stores might violate competition rules.In a significant shift, EMI will sell songs online through Apple\xe2\x80\x99s music service without copy protection.Helio\xe2\x80\x99s phone, the Ocean, offers downloadable content and handles e-mail, instant messaging and Global Positioning System services.TiVo has been quietly adding features that take the machine well beyond its original function as a video recorder.Whatever happened to the head-in-the-sand recording executives who are terrified of the Internet and at war with their own customers?Whatever happened to the head-in-the-sand recording executives who are terrified of the Internet and at war with their own customers?Greenpeace's latest ranking of mobile phone and computer manufacturers came out this week and the results were quite surprising. Companies were scored based on their take back and recycling policies for their products, and on whether they have mov...Greenpeace's latest ranking of mobile phone and computer manufacturers came out this week and the results were quite surprising. Companies were scored based on their take back and recycling policies for their products, and on whether they have moved to manufacturing with less toxic materials. Greenpeace says that as much as 4,000 tons of e-waste [...]If cars never look as good as they do on the floor of a show, special paint could be a reason. (Nick Kurczewski) Chris Webb, trends and exterior color designer for General Motors, has the daunting task of developing colors for all G.M. vehicles. H...If cars never look as good as they do on the floor of a show, special paint could be a reason. (Nick Kurczewski) Chris Webb, trends and exterior color designer for General Motors, has the daunting task of developing colors for all G.M. vehicles. Hopping from car to car throughout G.M.'s auto show displays, the [...]APPLE AND EMI HAVE NEWS -- A joint news conference by the chief executives of Apple Inc. and the EMI Group, scheduled for today, has encouraged speculation that the two may be preparing to make an announcement on making the Beatles available on an...At some companies, changes in chief executives' pay roughly corresponded with changes in their shareholders' total return last year. Several exceptions were in favor of shareholders, while other outliers favored C.E.O.'s.    Entergy  J. Wayne Leon..."