b"Apple is finally being taken seriously not just by the true believers, but by just about everybody.Apple TV can connect your computer to your TV without wires \xe2\x80\x94 as long as you have a wide-screen TV.David Pogue reviews Apple's TV box, which can connect your computer to your TV without wires.To the Sports Editor:     The melee after last Sunday's high school basketball tournament has led Madison Square Garden to reconsider playing host to the games in the future. More than a score of students were arrested during their rampage, which ...DISCIPLINE? CANCEL NEXIt's easy to write off the warnings about Wall Street losing its position as the center of the financial universe as merely the cries of prideful opportunists. After all, even if foreign exchanges are taking bigger shares of the world's stock offe...It's easy to write off the warnings about Wall Street losing its position as the center of the financial universe as merely the cries of prideful opportunists. After all, even if foreign exchanges are taking bigger shares of the world's stock offerings lately, it's not as if Wall Street is hurting much. One look at [...]Lycos Europe is remaking itself for the U.S. market using the brand and services of Jubii, its Danish search and community business.Today in The Times, I reviewed the Apple TV box--and, for context, a couple of its rivals from Microsoft and Netgear.     Let me tell you, I haven't worked so hard on a column in a very, very long time.  More by David Pogue on the early attempts to bridge the gulf between computer and TV.Today in The Times, I reviewed the Apple TV box\xe2\x80\x93and, for context, a couple of its rivals from Microsoft and Netgear. Let me tell you, I haven't worked so hard on a column in a very, very long time. The first problem was just getting them to work. ...Today in The Times, I reviewed the Apple TV box\xe2\x80\x93and, for context, a couple of its rivals from Microsoft and Netgear. Let me tell you, I haven't worked so hard on a column in a very, very long time. The first problem was just getting them to work. Solving home-network problems can be tough slogging [...]Wondering what this presidential campaign might look like in the world of ''Web 2.0'' social networking sites?      We have our answer: the buzz-generating Internet advertisement featuring Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton as a Big Brother figure con...Advertisement on You Tube featuring Sen Hillary Rodham Clinton draws more than 438,000 views, showing potential reach of such guerrilla ad campaigns; photo (S)"