b"Google, Microsoft and Yahoo have trained their sights on cellphones as the next great battleground in the Internet search wars.Student photographers roving their campuses for The New York Times: Katharine Sidelnik (Rochester Institute of Technology) and Clara Rice (Northeastern).   Text by Jamie Wallis    DANCE PAD -- With clubs from U.C.L.A. to Cornell devoted to it, and...Student photographers at Rochester Institute of Technology and Northeastern University document campus trends; photos (special section; Education Life) (M)The results led some analysts to question whether the wireless phone maker would be able to return to profitability this year.Dell\xe2\x80\x99s personal computer sales continued to decline in the first quarter in the United States and across the world.Steven P. Jobs, chief executive of Apple Inc., is not known for giving up without a fight. And that certainly applies to the 17,000-square-foot Spanish colonial revival house he bought more than 20 years ago in Woodside, Calif.      Mr. Jobs has b...Apple Inc chief executive Steven Jobs files appeal with California Supreme Court in his effort to demolish Jackling House, Spanish colonial revival house he bought more than 20 years ago in Woodside, Calif (S)Despite high office rents, New York City is emerging as the new home of the mega-rich hedge fund trader \xe2\x80\x93 stealing a bit of the thunder from Greenwich, Conn., The New York Post reports. Pointing to Trader Monthly's recent hedge-fund rankings revie...Despite high office rents, New York City is emerging as the new home of the mega-rich hedge fund trader \xe2\x80\x93 stealing a bit of the thunder from Greenwich, Conn., The New York Post reports. Pointing to Trader Monthly's recent hedge-fund rankings review, the paper says that five of last year's 11 highest-earning hedge fund traders [...]At Alphabet Soup in Audubon, whimsy and flawless execution move the restaurant into a higher realm.FIELD--Howard O. Writer extraordinaire passed from his dear family and friends. He played his trump card on April 13, 2007 in Palm Springs, CA. He is survived by his loving life partner of 50 years, Jack Kellogg, his sister Elayne, his nieces and ...Who says venture capitalists have no sense of humor? Well, if anyone was saying it, a recent venture by Sequoia Capital would put the kibosh on that notion. The investment firm which has backed YouTube, Google, Yahoo, Oracle and Apple, among other...Who says venture capitalists have no sense of humor? Well, if anyone was saying it, a recent venture by Sequoia Capital would put the kibosh on that notion. The investment firm which has backed YouTube, Google, Yahoo, Oracle and Apple, among others, has partnered up up with funny man Will Ferrell and writer-director-producer Adam Mckay [...]Rob Corddry, former \xe2\x80\x9cDaily Show\xe2\x80\x9d fake-news correspondent and current star of the Fox sitcom \xe2\x80\x9cThe Winner,\xe2\x80\x9d lives in a rented, two-bedroom bungalow in Los Angeles."