b'In the battle between Apple and Microsoft, two men are in charge of competing efforts to ensure that the PC\xe2\x80\x99s basic software stays relevant in a Web-centered world.Steven P. Jobs has succeeded in building expectations for what some have called \xe2\x80\x9cthe God machine.\xe2\x80\x9dMany consumers find they need to own multiple models of the same device for different uses. So much for one size fits all.An article in Business Day yesterday about efforts by Microsoft and Apple to develop their next operating systems misspelled the surname of a technology executive who commented on the migration of computer functions to the Web. He is Nova Spivack,...Correction of Jun 5 article about efforts by Microsoft and Apple to develop next operating systems, regarding spelling of name of person quotedApple iPhone OK, dudes, here it comes: the iPhone. June 29 is the official date, and here the official first three TV ads. Get ready for a marathon game called Tug of Hype, with the swooning, drooling worshipers on one side, and the disgusted, tox...Apple iPhone OK, dudes, here it comes: the iPhone. June 29 is the official date, and here the official first three TV ads. Get ready for a marathon game called Tug of Hype, with the swooning, drooling worshipers on one side, and the disgusted, toxic Apple bashers on the other. Get ready for shortages, for [...]Depending on what you want to do with digital pictures, the format in which you save them can make a big difference.Palm Inc., the struggling hand-held device company that makes the Treo, has reached a deal to sell a quarter of the company to a private equity firm for about $325 million.Palm Inc. has reached a deal to sell a quarter of the company to Elevation Partners, a private equity firm, for about $325 million as part of a plan to reorganize the company.The private equity investment in Palm Inc. is a gamble that the history of two companies in the personal computer industry won\xe2\x80\x99t repeat itself.Women are embracing consumer electronics just as the technologies are reaching out to embrace them. '