It is not just Apple that stands to make big profits from its effort to redefine the mobile phone industry.David Pogue answers reader questions about his video, "iPhone: The Musical."I had a lot of crazy fun making my video "iPhone: The Musical" last week–and a lot of fun watching the reaction online. Most people found it funny, out-there, or at least entertaining (agreed). Many accused me of not being the greatest singer in t...I had a lot of crazy fun making my video "iPhone: The Musical" last week–and a lot of fun watching the reaction online. Most people found it funny, out-there, or at least entertaining (agreed). Many accused me of not being the greatest singer in the world and being a ham (agreed). And a few people [...]The Advertising column in Business Day on Friday, about the increasing use of dance in commercials, misstated part of the name of the agency that created a campaign centered on a dance routine for the Nair product line sold by Church & Dwight. It ...Correction of July 6 article on increasing use of dancing in advertising regarding name of one agency notedDell’s new XPS M1330, available only in tuxedo black, crimson red and pearl white, is the thinnest 13-inch-screen notebook. After two days of watching boldface names from afar, David Carr sits down with Eric Schmidt of Google for a late night chat. Surprise: He thinks Viacom’s $1 billion copyright suit against Google is nonsense.After two days of watching boldface names from afar, David Carr sits down with Eric Schmidt of Google for a late night chat. Surprise: He thinks Viacom’s $1 billion copyright suit against Google is nonsense.At E3, the video game conference, Microsoft and Sony both talk up the use of their game boxes to download movies from the Internet.At E3, the video game conference, Microsoft and Sony both talk up the use of their game boxes to download movies from the Internet.Is it cheating to write a “grab bag” column in the middle of July, when you’re days away from vacation?Live Earth had an especially precarious balance between eco-consciousness and ego-consciousness.Thursday night at the Allen & Company conference at Sun Valley, the mogul-cracy was in full frolic by the time DealBook and his fellow press buddies got back from dinner. The juxtapositions were fascinating to us geeks who have been peering in on ...Thursday night at the Allen & Company conference at Sun Valley, the mogul-cracy was in full frolic by the time DealBook and his fellow press buddies got back from dinner. The juxtapositions were fascinating to us geeks who have been peering in on the event. Harvey Weinstein, the Hollywood mogul, was showing Sergey Brin of […]