Christopher J. Steskal, a lead prosecutor of a federal task force investigating the backdating of stock options at Apple and other companies, is leaving his San Francisco post to join a law firm, the United State Attorney's office in San Francisco...Christopher J. Steskal, a lead prosecutor of a federal task force investigating the backdating of stock options at Apple and other companies, is leaving his San Francisco post to join a law firm, the United State Attorney's office in San Francisco confirmed late Friday. Mr. Steskal's decision follows the recent resignation of his boss, Kevin [...]Ruckus Network will offer free music downloads — with some substantial restrictions — to any college student.Designs for nonexistent Apple products.Designs for nonexistent Apple products.Steve Jobs may have briefly distracted everyone from the options-backdating scandal at Apple by waving the iPhone around at MacWorld, but Valleywag is offering what it calls a "reality check," in which it lists five reasons it thinks that Mr. Jobs...Steve Jobs may have briefly distracted everyone from the options-backdating scandal at Apple by waving the iPhone around at MacWorld, but Valleywag is offering what it calls a "reality check," in which it lists five reasons it thinks that Mr. Jobs "is in jeopardy, more serious than has been acknowledged." Others have made similar warnings, [...]Apple's share price leaped to a record after the company unveiled its latest device to be hailed as the coolest thing ever, but investors are factoring more into their decision than a best guess on the number of iPhones Apple will sell. Ultimately...Apple's share price leaped to a record after the company unveiled its latest device to be hailed as the coolest thing ever, but investors are factoring more into their decision than a best guess on the number of iPhones Apple will sell. Ultimately they are putting a price on the brilliance and creativity of Apple's [...]The recent shake-up in the United States Attorney's office in San Francisco could lead to delays in the office's wide-ranging backdating investigation, according to The San Jose Mercury News. The turnover, which includes the departure of a United ...The recent shake-up in the United States Attorney's office in San Francisco could lead to delays in the office's wide-ranging backdating investigation, according to The San Jose Mercury News. The turnover, which includes the departure of a United States Attorney, Kevin Ryan, comes as the government's scrutiny of options backdating at Apple appears to be [...]Wall Street stumbled lower yesterday as growing concerns over technology companies led jittery investors to pull money out of the market ahead of earnings reports this week.You guessed it: liberals turn out to be messier than conservatives. A wide swath of all-inclusive resorts and relatively low-cost flights makes this country, which shares the island of Hispaniola with Haiti, the best option for the bargain-seeker.     JetBlue began flying from Kennedy Airport to Santiago in 2004 b...Michelle Higgins travel article on winter vacations for budget travelers in Dominican Republic; drawing (S)A wide swath of all-inclusive resorts and relatively low-cost flights makes this country the best option for the bargain-seeker.