David Pogue takes you on a tour of third-party programs for the iPhone.A software update to Apple’s iPhone on Friday disabled third-party applications and rendered iPhones that had been unlocked completely unusable.Apple warned that iPhone owners who have used unauthorized programs to unlock the cellular service feature of their handsets may end up with a phone that does not work.A farm in Litchfield County that has been in the Averill family since 1746 gives other families a chance to experience the pick-your-own season.Daniel Cooperman of Oracle will join Apple to replace Donald J. Rosenberg. Mr. Cooperman is the company’s second general counsel appointment in the past year.The success of Apple, Intel, Google and scores of other technology companies has as much or more to do with their process innovations as the products.As promised in my last post, Apple released a major update to the iPhone's firmware. Here's what's new: * New encryption system. Ready for this? NONE of the existing third-party iPhone programs–including "unlocking" hacks, non-Apple ringtone gener...As promised in my last post, Apple released a major update to the iPhone's firmware. Here's what's new: * New encryption system. Ready for this? NONE of the existing third-party iPhone programs–including "unlocking" hacks, non-Apple ringtone generators, and most of the cool programs I demo'ed in my Times video today–will work anymore, and they'll all [...]Apple appointed Oracle's Daniel Cooperman on Friday as its new general counsel, less than a year after the company replaced its former top lawyer, who is embroiled in a federal investigation into her role in the backdating of stock options and awa...Apple appointed Oracle's Daniel Cooperman on Friday as its new general counsel, less than a year after the company replaced its former top lawyer, who is embroiled in a federal investigation into her role in the backdating of stock options and awards at the company. Mr. Cooperman will become Apple's general counsel, vice president and [...]A warning about those third-party software applications for the iPhone.A warning about those third-party software applications for the iPhone.In less than two weeks, people downloaded 80,000 copies of the Navizon location software for the iPhone. It’s now useless after Apple’s phone software upgrade.In less than two weeks, people downloaded 80,000 copies of the Navizon location software for the iPhone. It’s now useless after Apple’s phone software upgrade.