About 10,000 YouTube videos will be available for the iPhone’s introduction, according to Apple’s statement.Taking a page — albeit a tinier one — from the iPhone’s design is a new test version of the Opera Mini browser for cellphones.Analysts agree that the sleek iPhone will change what consumers expect from the mobile phones offered by wireless companies.The prevailing orthodoxy in technology circles is that openness is not only good thing, but a winning strategy. Open innovation, we’re told, is the way of the future. Sharing, not hoarding, is the path to not only virtue but success. So a small th...The prevailing orthodoxy in technology circles is that openness is not only good thing, but a winning strategy. Open innovation, we’re told, is the way of the future. Sharing, not hoarding, is the path to not only virtue but success. So a small thought exercise. What two companies are at the top of almost anyone’s […]Often, the best way to know what will be in the stores next year is to look at what the chip makers are doing now. Avner Goren, the director of marketing for Texas Instruments’ cell phone chip operations, stopped by to chat about cell phone techno...Often, the best way to know what will be in the stores next year is to look at what the chip makers are doing now. Avner Goren, the director of marketing for Texas Instruments’ cell phone chip operations, stopped by to chat about cell phone technology. The first topic of course was, of course, the […]Downloading movies over a high-speed Internet connection offers the promise of convenience, but promise is the operative word for this new method.HECHT--Harry Harris. Predeceased by wife Diane Paperny; father of Richard and Lisa (Howard) Lerner; grandfather of Steven, Shani, and Mark; loving brother to Norma (Bob) Apple and Jewel (Don) Spiegel. A ''great'' uncle. Sinai Chapels, 11:15am, 162...In the third hour of a recent road trip, my friend Jay, who lives in Manhattan, brought up his Carborg Theory.In the third hour of a recent road trip, my friend Jay, who lives in Manhattan, brought up his Carborg Theory.On Saturday, three private gardens in the Bronx will be open to the public for the first time when the Garden Conservancy's Open Days program comes to New York City. One of them, the Byrns Garden, an acre and a half above the Hudson River, culmina...Three private Bronx, NYC, gardens will be open to public as part of Garden Conservancy's Open Days program; photos (Currents column) (M)Being a great technology company is still being learned — the easy way if you own Google and the hard way if your money is in Yahoo.