b'The Big Apple has assembled a first-rate combination of clowning, wire-walking, juggling, acrobatics, animal antics and other feats.In a trend known as consumer-generated content, an 18-year-old student and Apple devotee was hired to make a television commercial for Apple\xe2\x80\x99s new iPod Touch.An encore presentation by David Pogue.Most phones sold in the United States are locked into the carrier that sold them. But that has not stopped many from unlocking phones, either with the permission of the carrier or without it.An Apple iPod Touch ad inspired by Nick Haley, 18. Mr. Haley uploaded his version to YouTube before being asked to help produce the professional ad.A hacker group has released what it says is a one-click way to install unauthorized third-party applications on an iPhone or iPod Touch. You still can\xe2\x80\x99t switch the iPhone to another wireless carrier.A hacker group has released what it says is a one-click way to install unauthorized third-party applications on an iPhone or iPod Touch. You still can\xe2\x80\x99t switch the iPhone to another wireless carrier.Teddie\xe2\x80\x99s apple cake, an oil-based, ring-shaped confection, ran in The Times in 1973. Unfortunately, the article gave no clue as to who Teddie was.In a modern world of Cinnamon Hot Pockets and Pecan Pie Pringles, apple-picking is one of the few agricultural rituals we can all still get our hands into. This cake \xe2\x80\x94 a classic from 1973 \xe2\x80\x94 is a godsend to anyone who has overloaded at the pick-you...A consumer talks to a sales representative about buying a high definition television at a Best Buy store in Minnesota last December. (Craig Lassig/AP) New Yorkers are watching more high-definition television than any other local market in the Unit...A consumer talks to a sales representative about buying a high definition television at a Best Buy store in Minnesota last December. (Craig Lassig/AP) New Yorkers are watching more high-definition television than any other local market in the United States, according to a report released by Nielsen Media Research today. Of the 7.4 million television-equipped [...]Tart apples are particularly abundant this time of year. Portnoy used Granny Smith apples, but you can try this recipe with Empire, Macoun, Honeycrisp, Winesap or Pippin.'