Although it is the largest handset maker in the world, Nokia has languished in the American market, hurt by its refusal to adapt its strategy to the market’s idiosyncrasies.When my iPhone locks up, is there any way to get out of the situation besides powering it off and on again?Monday's tech news is that Nokia's taking on Apple anew. Well, as many an iPod user can tell you, Apple ain't perfect. Here's a video compendium showing Steve Jobs not always on top of his game: Also, read a review of the new parody book by Fake S...Monday's tech news is that Nokia's taking on Apple anew. Well, as many an iPod user can tell you, Apple ain't perfect. Here's a video compendium showing Steve Jobs not always on top of his game: Also, read a review of the new parody book by Fake Steve Jobs.In part because CompUSA has been a large seller of Macs, the news last week that the electronics retailer plans to close its remaining stores early next year has drawn lots of attention online.With the addition of Universal Music Group, Imeem, a social network, can now let users listen to nearly any song they want on their computers. This may be the breakthrough the music industry needs: Streaming songs will be free with advertising, bu...With the addition of Universal Music Group, Imeem, a social network, can now let users listen to nearly any song they want on their computers. This may be the breakthrough the music industry needs: Streaming songs will be free with advertising, but downloading to keep will require payment.Sony’s chief executive, Howard Stringer, said the electronics and entertainment company has recovered from its past financial problems.Buying a book online is easy, but buying electronics can be intimidating. The bad news is there is no one-stop shop for consumer electronics.Cellware is a new site that is a sort of YouTube for ringtones. It makes it easy for people to send ringtones from any MP3 file to their phone without a charge.Cellware is a new site that is a sort of YouTube for ringtones. It makes it easy for people to send ringtones from any MP3 file to their phone without a charge."West Side Story" soundtrack optional. True, Apple is making so much money it doesn't know what to do with it, but this is NOT one of its new products. Found here."West Side Story" soundtrack optional. True, Apple is making so much money it doesn't know what to do with it, but this is NOT one of its new products. Found here.Buying Postage     From Your Desk  