b"Apple is sitting on $12 billion in cash, and the pile is growing by more than $1 billion every quarter. How should the high-flying maker of iPods and Macs spend that money? According to BusinessWeek's Arik Hesseldahl, the company should launch a $...Apple is sitting on $12 billion in cash, and the pile is growing by more than $1 billion every quarter. How should the high-flying maker of iPods and Macs spend that money? According to BusinessWeek's Arik Hesseldahl, the company should launch a $1 billion venture-capital fund. Big acquisitions, especially of tech companies, haven't always fared [...]Besides the scrutiny of the proposed combination between XM and Sirius, the satellite radio business is facing huge changes.Hollywood studios are going into business with one of their biggest tormentors: the peer-to-peer pioneer BitTorrent.Dell\xe2\x80\x99s inability to capture sales in the booming notebook computer market was reflected in its fourth-quarter financial results.I spend 10 to 15 minutes a day adding addresses to my \xe2\x80\x9cblock senders\xe2\x80\x9d list. Is there any way I can block all of these at once and report them to some entity?Update: We check in with The Times reporter at the 1977 pie-throwing incident. He says Mario Cuomo tried to stop the Yippie -- but the cops got there first.Update: We check in with The Times reporter at the 1977 pie-throwing incident. He says Mario Cuomo tried to stop the Yippie -- but the cops got there first.The selection of Ellen DeGeneres as host of the Academy Awards was a reaffirmation of television as the dominant water-cooler medium \xe2\x80\x94 for the moment.Pardon the self-linking, but a controversy has erupted over the tale of Mario Cuomo tackling a pie-thrower in 1977: Did he really? And was it apple or cream or both? (Update: We checked with The Times reporter who was there - he says Mr. Cuomo tri...Pardon the self-linking, but a controversy has erupted over the tale of Mario Cuomo tackling a pie-thrower in 1977: Did he really? And was it apple or cream or both? (Update: We checked with The Times reporter who was there - he says Mr. Cuomo tried to grab the pie thrower, but the police got [...]Quatorze Bis on East 79th Street. (James Estrin/The New York Times) The menus are still yellow, long and narrow and to the point, just what you would expect at a brasserie. The glowing lights behind the shiny red lacquer door still beckon on a bit...Quatorze Bis on East 79th Street. (James Estrin/The New York Times) The menus are still yellow, long and narrow and to the point, just what you would expect at a brasserie. The glowing lights behind the shiny red lacquer door still beckon on a bitter cold night, just as it did the first time I [...]What do venture capitalists do with the time they are saving from their lack of exits? In the case of Sequoia Capital and ComVentures, they scrutinize eachother's corporate Web sites and end up in court over them. According to court documents, Seq...What do venture capitalists do with the time they are saving from their lack of exits? In the case of Sequoia Capital and ComVentures, they scrutinize eachother's corporate Web sites and end up in court over them. According to court documents, Sequoia, the Silicon Valley institution whose investments range from Oracle and Apple to Google [...]"