b"Apple delivered $1 billion in profit for its first quarter, based largely on the Christmas performance of its iPod music player business.Steven P. Jobs has been on a spectacular winning streak this decade, and the company would not be the same without him.Autos manufacturers are responding to the iPod revolution with input jacks and systems that integrate your music into cars\xe2\x80\x99 entertainment systems.  To the Editor:     Re ''Want an iPhone? Beware the iHandcuffs'' (Digital Domain, Jan. 14), which criticized the use of copy-protection software in Apple Inc. music systems:  Paul Ferguson letter on January 14 Digital Domain column regarding Apple's iPhone; says criticism of copy-protection is misguided as iTunes software offers one of few legal, viable alternative for downloading music (S)It will be one week tomorrow since Steven P. Jobs, the chief executive of Apple, introduced the iPhone, the company's long-awaited entry into the cellphone world. Since then, gadget reviewers waxed poetic about the iPhone's design; Cisco Systems, ...Popular Demand column discusses smart phone market after Apple introduces its iPhone device; lists top five smart phone makers by marketshare; photo (S)Christopher J. Steskal, a lead prosecutor of a federal task force investigating the backdating of stock options at Apple and other companies, is leaving his post to join a law firm.Declining oil prices sent energy shares down and sales forecasts from technology companies fell below analysts\xe2\x80\x99 estimates.A few weeks ago, I singled out an especially poorly written, hostile e-mail from a 15-year-old named Josh to support my theory that in the Internet age, civility is an endangered species. So it's only fair that I also show you this counterexample....A few weeks ago, I singled out an especially poorly written, hostile e-mail from a 15-year-old named Josh to support my theory that in the Internet age, civility is an endangered species. So it's only fair that I also show you this counterexample. A reader wrote to dispute my declaration that Apple will sell a [...]As consumers stray, the traditional cable box is getting  a high-tech overhaul.I.B.M.\xe2\x80\x99s profit slightly surpassed estimates, lifted by strong software sales and a solid performance from its big services unit."