A former Apple board member kept suspicions about Apple’s options-backdating policies swirling around Steven P. Jobs.Regulators said they would bring no civil charges against Apple over the backdating of executive stock options.The company surpassed even the most optimistic forecasts on strong sales of Macintosh computers and iPod music players.Two former executives expect to be sued this week by the S.E.C. over the company’s backdating of employee stock options.In June 2001, Fortune magazine put Steven P. Jobs on its cover. This, I realize, is not exactly breaking news; the magazine put Mr. Jobs on its cover with shameless regularity.     This time was different, though. The headline read, ''Inside the G...Talking Business column discusses Apple Inc chief executive Steven P Jobs' 2001 $872 million stock option grant; Jobs is infuriated by Fortune magazine cover depicting him as example of out of control executive compensation; detail of Apple's recent troubles with shareholders are given; photo (M)Federal securities regulators said Tuesday that they would bring no civil charges against Apple over the backdating of executive stock options. But they stopped short of removing the cloud that for nearly a year has hung over the company's chief e...Federal securities regulators said Tuesday that they would bring no civil charges against Apple over the backdating of executive stock options. But they stopped short of removing the cloud that for nearly a year has hung over the company's chief executive, Steven P. Jobs. Lawyers for the Securities and Exchange Commission filed a lawsuit Tuesday [...]A modest advance gave the Dow Jones industrial average another record close.The Securities and Exchange Commission filed lawsuits against two former Apple executives on Tuesday, charging them with fraud related to the backdating of stock options. But though Apple itself was not charged, its highly visible chief executive,...The Securities and Exchange Commission filed lawsuits against two former Apple executives on Tuesday, charging them with fraud related to the backdating of stock options. But though Apple itself was not charged, its highly visible chief executive, Steven P. Jobs, may face separate charges - a prospect raised by the claims of the company's former [...]As hard as Steven P. Jobs has worked to convey the image of an above-the-fray visionary, that’s not quite the reality.When the former chief financial oficer of Apple, Fred D. Anderson, suggested that he had been misled by his former boss, Steven P. Jobs, over the improper back-dating of options, the shot echoed through Silicon Valley. Valley operators were left w...When the former chief financial oficer of Apple, Fred D. Anderson, suggested that he had been misled by his former boss, Steven P. Jobs, over the improper back-dating of options, the shot echoed through Silicon Valley. Valley operators were left wondering what had gone so wrong between the two men once described as good buddies. [...]