b"Steve Jobs, Apple\xe2\x80\x99s chief executive, said the iPhone would become available to British consumers in November in an exclusive arrangement with O2. Steve Jobs, Apple\xe2\x80\x99s chief executive, said the iPhone would become available to British consumers in November in an exclusive arrangement with O2. Apple introduced its second European sales partner in two days, revealing plans to sell the iPhone in Germany through T-Mobile, the wireless subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom.Apple will offer the iPhone in Britain with free access to 7,500 WiFi hot spots to compensate for a weak data network.Apple will offer the iPhone in Britain with free access to 7,500 WiFi hot spots to compensate for a weak data network.A brief report from Bloomberg News in Business Day on Saturday, about Apple Inc.'s $100 credit offer to early iPhone buyers, misstated a restriction on the offer. Customers may use the credit to buy gift cards redeemable on Apple's iTunes music si...Correction of Sept 15 article about Apple Inc's $100 credit offer to early iPhone buyers, regarding restrictions on offerThe company that has given Apple\xe2\x80\x99s iTunes the most competition in song downloading will now compete with it in selling audiobooks.Experts said a European antitrust ruling might signal problems for companies like Apple, Intel and Qualcomm.The Securities and Exchange Commission has subpoenaed Apple Chief Executive Officer Steven P. Jobs to give a deposition in a backdating lawsuit against the company's former general counsel, according to press reports, citing court documents. The s...The Securities and Exchange Commission has subpoenaed Apple Chief Executive Officer Steven P. Jobs to give a deposition in a backdating lawsuit against the company's former general counsel, according to press reports, citing court documents. The subpoena seeks Mr. Jobs' testimony in the S.E.C.'s lawsuit against Nancy Heinen who was sued April 24 for allegedly [...]In late August, Berlin celebrated the re-opening of its celebrated pregnant oyster. The House of World Cultures Constructed at a time when walls and a Cold War divvied up both the German capital and the world quite neatly, the Haus der Kulturen de...In late August, Berlin celebrated the re-opening of its celebrated pregnant oyster. The House of World Cultures Constructed at a time when walls and a Cold War divvied up both the German capital and the world quite neatly, the Haus der Kulturen der Welt, or House of World Cultures, was a remarkable sloping concrete and [...]Apple is likely to make so much money from its cut of iPhone usage fees that it can sell the product at a loss and still make money.Apple is likely to make so much money from its cut of iPhone usage fees that it can sell the product at a loss and still make money."