b"A headline in Business Day yesterday about a lawsuit brought by Intertainer, a digital media company, against Apple Computer, Google and Napster misstated the nature of the litigation. It involves a patent, not a copyright.  Correction; Jan 3 headline about lawsuit brought by company Intertainer should have referred to nature of suit as patent, not copyrightApple, Caterpillar, Google, Kellogg and Toyota are among the smartest companies when it comes to what they reap for their research and development dollars.The latest patent dispute pits Apple, Google and Napster against a company that closed five years ago.Intertainer, a video-on-demand company, last week filed a broad lawsuit asserting that Apple, Google and Napster are infringing on a 2005 patent that covers the commercial distribution of audio and video over the Internet. Founded by Jonathan T. T...Intertainer, a video-on-demand company, last week filed a broad lawsuit asserting that Apple, Google and Napster are infringing on a 2005 patent that covers the commercial distribution of audio and video over the Internet. Founded by Jonathan T. Taplin, a veteran film and television producer, and two other Hollywood entertainment executives in 1996, Intertainer developed [...]If there's one New Year's resolution even more likely to fail than ''I vow to lose weight,'' it's ''I vow to start backing up my computer.''     After all, setting up and remembering to use a backup system is a huge hassle. The odds are good that ...David Pogue column on computer backup systems; says Microsoft and Apple have built automated backup software into latest versions of their operating systems, both to be introduced this year; holds Xdrive and MediaMax offers as much as 25 gigabytes of free backups; Mozy and Carbonite offer unlimited storage for less than $55 per year; photos (L)Cowboys from around the world gathered at Madison Square Garden for the Professional Bull Riders Versus Invitational. Cowboys from around the world gathered at Madison Square Garden for the Professional Bull Riders Versus Invitational.The hottest rumors revolving around the upcoming Macworld convention are about the new products that could be introduced: an Apple cellphone/iPod, a touchscreen iPod and a Macintosh tablet.The hottest rumors revolving around the upcoming Macworld convention are about the new products that could be introduced: an Apple cellphone/iPod, a touchscreen iPod and a Macintosh tablet.Verizon is expected to announce full-length programming to its cellular subscribers from several major television networks.In Macworld Bingo, watch a speech by Apple\xe2\x80\x99s chief, Steve Jobs, and check off the typical Apple presentation elements as they occur.In Macworld Bingo, watch a speech by Apple\xe2\x80\x99s chief, Steve Jobs, and check off the typical Apple presentation elements as they occur."