b'Responding to frustration from customers and software makers, Apple has changed its policies to encourage independent developers to build programs for the iPhone. The new price of 99 cents per song sold online without copy protection puts Apple\xe2\x80\x99s iTunes store closer in line with its rivals.Apple dropped the price of music downloads not protected by copy restrictions from $1.29 to 99 cents, coming close to the price charged by Amazon.com and others.Apple dropped the price of music downloads not protected by copy restrictions from $1.29 to 99 cents, coming close to the price charged by Amazon.com and others.Man, I\'m getting whiplash. I feel like I\'m watching a global Internet game of ping-pong. First Apple kept quiet as the hacker community dreamed up all these wicked-cool "hacks" (add-on programs) for the iPhone. I even made a movie about them. Then...Man, I\'m getting whiplash. I feel like I\'m watching a global Internet game of ping-pong. First Apple kept quiet as the hacker community dreamed up all these wicked-cool "hacks" (add-on programs) for the iPhone. I even made a movie about them. Then Apple said you should take them off your iPhone, or else the new [...]Steve Jobs writes that Apple will release a software development kit for the iPhone in February, after it figures out how to keep hackers out.Steve Jobs writes that Apple will release a software development kit for the iPhone in February, after it figures out how to keep hackers out.The library said it planned to digitize a collection of rare cultural materials and move forward with plans to create a global digital library in cooperation with other nations. Strong demand for low-cost phones in Africa, the Middle East and Asia lifted the company\xe2\x80\x99s share of the global market to almost 40 percent.Strong demand for low-cost phones in Africa, the Middle East and Asia lifted the company\xe2\x80\x99s share of the global market to almost 40 percent.Fire Sale at Offspring of Napster     Shawn Fanning, above, has been close to the ideas that have changed the music business, but he never got them exactly right -- in large part because he was too early.  Snocap, founded by Napster creator Shawn Fanning, lays off 31 of its 57 employees; president Ali Ayder says file-sharing network intended to monitor downloaded songs is being prepped for acquisition; LinkedIn chief executive Dan Nye says site, aimed at business professionals looking to network, will have more restrictions on third-party add-on software than Facebook; wants to avoid \'anything goes\' atmosphere that would not be well-suited for business; LinkedIn will have approval on any company or developer looking to access system; Google executives discuss how they plan to enter crowded social networking space; admits to need to remedy lack of success in popular market; IBM and Linden Lab announce plans to develop open standards allowing avatars from 3-D environments such as Second Life to roam freely from one virtual community to another; photos (M)MEDIA OWNERSHIP RULES  The head of the Federal Communications Commission has circulated an ambitious plan to relax the decades-old media ownership rules, including repealing a rule that forbids a company to own both a newspaper and a television or...'