Before embarking on a tour together two weeks ago Nickel Creek, the sweet-tempered alternative bluegrass group, and Fiona Apple seemed more or less incompatible.Last week, Apple released a new version of its iLife suite-its $80 package containing iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb and GarageBand. The suite also comes preinstalled on every new Mac. The enhancements in iPhoto, iWeb and GarageBand are great. But iMovie '0...Last week, Apple released a new version of its iLife suite-its $80 package containing iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb and GarageBand. The suite also comes preinstalled on every new Mac. The enhancements in iPhoto, iWeb and GarageBand are great. But iMovie '08 is an utter bafflement. Most people are used to a product cycle that goes like [...]David Pogue is baffled by Apple’s latest version of its iMovie video-editing software.Ad Networks are Hot. Facebook is hot. So Facebook Ad Networks are boiling hot. VideoEgg is starting one. After all, online video is so last year. [TechCrunch] How about this for another power marriage: iTunes and widgets? Apple has introduced thre...Ad Networks are Hot. Facebook is hot. So Facebook Ad Networks are boiling hot. VideoEgg is starting one. After all, online video is so last year. [TechCrunch] How about this for another power marriage: iTunes and widgets? Apple has introduced three widgets that will show users of their social network pages what songs they listen […]The cellphone maker was offering to replace the batteries, which were made in China, at no cost to consumers.Because Montclair sometimes seems more like a sixth borough of New York City than a town — it’s been called the Upper West Side West — newcomers to Toast might be forgiven for thinking they’ve entered New Jersey’s version of a hip breakfast spot i...Rein’s Deli is often so crowded it can seem as if most of the nearly 30,000 residents of Vernon are congregating within its four walls. Many of those patrons are out-of-towners, though, people pulling off I-84 like so many pilgrims on a quest for ...When our hero reunites with Allah -- just like any good American born-again anything -- his Rolex gets bulkier, his ad presentation gets slicker and the biker guys he rolls with get more swaggering.When our hero reunites with Allah -- just like any good American born-again anything -- his Rolex gets bulkier, his ad presentation gets slicker and the biker guys he rolls with get more swaggering.Roger Gonzalez’s sangrias are acutely fresh, complex without being silly, with none of the cloying fruit-cocktail sweetness that sullies sangria’s reputation.