Holy cow. I just got this e-mail from Apple's iTunes store: "Dear David Pogue, "Our records indicate that the iTunes Store Gift you received in January 2007 from Gary has not been redeemed. "Perhaps you misplaced the Gift e-mail or our e-mail was ...Holy cow. I just got this e-mail from Apple's iTunes store: "Dear David Pogue, "Our records indicate that the iTunes Store Gift you received in January 2007 from Gary has not been redeemed. "Perhaps you misplaced the Gift e-mail or our e-mail was blocked by your spam filter. The good news is that there is [...]Even as its stock is riding high off the success of the iPod and anticipation of the iPhone, Apple will face some restive shareholders at its annual meeting Thursday, TheStreet.com reported. Labor unions who own Apple shares through pension funds,...Even as its stock is riding high off the success of the iPod and anticipation of the iPhone, Apple will face some restive shareholders at its annual meeting Thursday, TheStreet.com reported. Labor unions who own Apple shares through pension funds, have put up proposals that require options to be priced on the day they are [...]Apple chief Steven P. Jobs faced a barrage of questions from shareholders about the company's handling of stock option grants and its policy of executive compensation, during a an annual meeting Thursday. But Mr. Jobs, with his typical flair for s...Apple chief Steven P. Jobs faced a barrage of questions from shareholders about the company's handling of stock option grants and its policy of executive compensation, during a an annual meeting Thursday. But Mr. Jobs, with his typical flair for showmanship, elicited laughs and applause during the meeting despite rankling questions. Even as the iPod [...]Modaphones come in a range of iridescent shades, in line with the hot colors of the new iPod Nano.The billionaire financier Carl C. Icahn failed to get enough votes to be elected to Motorola’s board. How can I get my computer to suggest words and Web sites as I type?The billionaire financier Carl C. Icahn came to Chicago on Monday for Motorola's shareholders meeting, with some hope that he would be elected to the board.     But by late in the day, as the politics played out, Mr. Icahn conceded that he had los...Carl C Icahn concedes he has lost proxy fight against Motorola and has failed to receive enough support to be elected to its board of directors; outcome is victory for cellular phone maker's chief executive Edward J Zander after Icahn attacked his leadership; photo (M)To the Editor:.The feats that Sandman performs in comic books and in “Spider-Man 3” often correctly display the fascinating properties of granular materials.Multiepisode cellphone series are growing in popularity but advertisers have been slow to migrate to the supersmall screen.