b"Apple is expected to show off its new iPod music players -- and possibly announce price cuts -- on Tuesday but may not release a long-awaited update to its MacBook laptop computers until a later date.Apple Imperfect     Apple is on a tear like never before. The company, based in Cupertino, Calif., is winning market share from computer makers using Microsoft operating systems. Apple's stock has outpaced Google's, and in the space of a year, the...ApplI don\xe2\x80\x99t know how any of this stuff works, and I don\xe2\x80\x99t want to pay for it. Yet, I am on the brink of buying an iPhone.To the Editor:.With Apple expected to unveil new versions of its iPod music player next week, what's new with Microsoft's Zune player? And do customers really care?With Apple expected to unveil new versions of its iPod music player next week, what's new with Microsoft's Zune player? And do customers really care?From showing you the nearest sushi bar in London to telling you how to say \xe2\x80\x9cWhere\xe2\x80\x99s the toilet?\xe2\x80\x9d in Cantonese, travel apps for the iPhone are proving to be a useful tool.Sony may have ceded much of the personal music player market to Apple and its iPod, but the company\xe2\x80\x99s nearly 30-year-old product line continues with new models.Faced with Windows Vista\xe2\x80\x99s image problem, Microsoft has been working for more than a year to change the experience of buying and using computers that run its software.My laptop battery does not hold a charge as it used to. Is there any way to improve its performance? If I do get a new battery, are those cheaper replacements made by other companies O.K.?Dell unveiled Thursday the Mini 9 its entry in the netbook computer wars. The move is partly a defensive response to foreign PC makers that are encroaching on U.S. PC companies with ultra-small computers optimized for Internet tasks.Dell unveiled Thursday the Mini 9 its entry in the netbook computer wars. The move is partly a defensive response to foreign PC makers that are encroaching on U.S. PC companies with ultra-small computers optimized for Internet tasks."