The App Store for iPhone software is the first step in an attempt to dominate the next generation of computing.Apple suffered network gridlock as the first buyers of the iPhone 3G tried to activate their purchases.Apple’s iPhone 3G, which will go on sale on Friday, comes with just a few new bells and whistles.Straightening out the new iPhone’s systems problems will surely be accomplished more quickly than will fully banishing the problem of Apple’s stock options imbroglio.It's no secret that lots of companies are going to release applications for the iPhone. But Apple is nonetheless banning them from discussing their plans until noon Thursday.It's no secret that lots of companies are going to release applications for the iPhone. But Apple is nonetheless banning them from discussing their plans until noon Thursday.When Apple opens its online App Store for iPhone software on Thursday, Steven P. Jobs will be making an attempt to dominate the next generation of computing as it moves toward Internet-connected mobile devices.      The store, which will offer mor...Apple's new online App Store for iPhone software will offer more than 500 software applications, including games, educational programs, mobile commerce and business productivity; Apple head Steven P Jobs comments; photos (M)So what if Steven P. Jobs once called the Segway's design inelegant? Doug Field, Segway's longtime technology chief, is joining Apple as a product designer.So what if Steven P. Jobs once called the Segway's design inelegant? Doug Field, Segway's longtime technology chief, is joining Apple as a product designer.Thoughts about the new iPhone, an eye-popping, all-electric roadster and the self-serving gripes and paranoia of the Bear Stearns brass.It seems counterintuitive, but small really is beautiful; and stripping down to basic functions helps remove distractions.Well, the iPhone Apps Store went live last night, and it's just crazy, insane fun. I've just downloaded about 30 programs to play with on the iPhone 3G. As I predicted, it's just a blast. One of the first things I found was the free, 1-megabyte pr...Well, the iPhone Apps Store went live last night, and it's just crazy, insane fun. I've just downloaded about 30 programs to play with on the iPhone 3G. As I predicted, it's just a blast. One of the first things I found was the free, 1-megabyte program called Remote, from a company called Apple. It [...]