b'Apple might be preparing to introduce an expanded version of its .Mac Internet service under the name Me.com, according to several rumor sites. The question is whether Steve Jobs will continue to charge $100 a year for the service or take on Googl...Apple might be preparing to introduce an expanded version of its .Mac Internet service under the name Me.com, according to several rumor sites. The question is whether Steve Jobs will continue to charge $100 a year for the service or take on Google with free, ad-supported services.IPhone users are not like the rest of cellphone users. A study says 37 percent of iPhone users watch video (ten times more than the average cellphone user), 20 percent play online games (nine time more than average) and 33 percent send instant mes...IPhone users are not like the rest of cellphone users. A study says 37 percent of iPhone users watch video (ten times more than the average cellphone user), 20 percent play online games (nine time more than average) and 33 percent send instant messages (three times more than average).High Fidelity      On the Go  I don\xe2\x80\x99t like the sound quality of MP3 files used by portable music players. Is there a way to play CD-quality music on one of these things?A study shows that instant messaging causes less interruption than other forms of communication, such as phone calls or e-mails.Computer makers are sensing that maybe there is a market opening for smaller laptops. A number of manufacturers have jumped in with what they are calling ultra-mobile PCs or mini-notebooks.Panasonic, Sharp and Sony are now selling TVs that connect directly to the Internet, bringing a varying range of content to TV screens without using a PC. The systems do not give direct Internet access, but rather offer a selection of Web-based ma...Panasonic, Sharp and Sony are now selling TVs that connect directly to the Internet, bringing a varying range of content to TV screens without using a PC. The systems do not give direct Internet access, but rather offer a selection of Web-based material. At least for Sharp and Panasonic, the content is still pretty limited.Google has introduced GMail Labs, where its employees can experiment with useful and silly tweaks to its popular e-mail program. It illustrates what is becoming a new truism of Silicon Valley: A community of developers can enrich software with cre...Google has introduced GMail Labs, where its employees can experiment with useful and silly tweaks to its popular e-mail program. It illustrates what is becoming a new truism of Silicon Valley: A community of developers can enrich software with creativity, fun and all sorts of utility. But it is virtually impossible for a mob to keep it simple.Millions of people in Japan are expected to watch live coverage of the Belmont Stakes.Millions of people in Japan are expected to watch live coverage of the Belmont Stakes.'