There are two new products added to Apple's line, both at $499: An iPhone with 16 gigabytes of memory and an iPod Touch with 32 gigabytes of memory. This sets the stage for the price cuts later this year.There are two new products added to Apple's line, both at $499: An iPhone with 16 gigabytes of memory and an iPod Touch with 32 gigabytes of memory. This sets the stage for the price cuts later this year.Jerry Yang faces pressure as he decides whether to try to rescue the company from Microsoft, or accept its bid to purchase Yahoo.The network equipment maker reported that its quarterly net income grew 7.2 percent amid growing concern that economic weakness could affect technology spending.The network equipment maker reported that its quarterly net income grew 7.2 percent amid growing concern that economic weakness could affect technology spending this year.The Mac may be the cooler computer, but aren’t there more PC users in the world?You don't have to have an M.B.A. to understand that refusing to compromise on design, for any reason, can lead to fantastic commercial success.You don't have to have an M.B.A. to understand that refusing to compromise on design, for any reason, can lead to fantastic commercial success.You don’t have to have an M.B.A. to understand that refusing to compromise on design, for any reason, can lead to fantastic commercial success.The real estate on the back of an HDTV is crowded with ports for connectors of the past. Out of that mess comes yet another cable, but it is supposed to make everything simple: the HDMI.Steven P. Jobs of Apple said last month that the Kindle electronic book reader from Amazon was dead on arrival because Americans have largely abandoned reading. Now, Amazon wants the naysayers like Mr. Jobs to listen up -- literally.     On Thursd...A private equity-backed chipmaker, Freescale Semiconductor, agreed Monday to buy SigmaTel for $110 million to broaden its multimedia business. SigmaTel, based in Austin, Tex., designs and markets integrated circuits used for consumer electronic de...A private equity-backed chipmaker, Freescale Semiconductor, agreed Monday to buy SigmaTel for $110 million to broaden its multimedia business. SigmaTel, based in Austin, Tex., designs and markets integrated circuits used for consumer electronic devices, including portable media players, printers and digital TVs. The company's chips are found in products such as Dell and Sony computers [...]