Aperture 2.0 offers a more accessible, streamlined facade and makes it easier to handle photos in full-screen mode.Regulators issued the company a $1.35 billion fine for failing to comply with a 2004 judgment that it had abused its dominance.Investors were spooked by a report by the research firm comScore that said clicks on Google ads in the United States were flat in January.FRANK--Alan. Dearest friend, extrodinary and generous host, lunch companion, dinner guest, apple picker and Captain. We will keep you in our hearts forever. Patty Burrows Milt Wolfson Jody, Jessica and JordanIndustry analysts say it has become more important than ever to understand the psyche of consumers.FRANK--Alan, age 58, suddenly on February 28. Beloved son of Blanchette and Jack Frank, brother of Sasha, devoted dear friend and adored uncle/godfather of so many. Services will be held on Sunday, March 2nd, at 12 Noon, at Plaza Jewish Community ...Intense, tart-sweet dried fruit is excellent to have on hand for snacking, to serve with cheese and to use in cooking. Many of the unusual varieties from Meduri World Delights in Dallas, Ore., have particularly bright flavors and are tasty without...Florence Fabricant reviews dried fruits from Meduri World Delights in Dallas, Ore; photo (Food Stuff column) (S)Soft Serve scans newspapers, magazines and Web sites for "soft news" - coverage of products, trends and matters of style. Just the fluff, ma'am. Heads up, billionaires! Now you can hire "the navy that sank Napoleon" to train your mega-yacht crew.....Soft Serve scans newspapers, magazines and Web sites for "soft news" - coverage of products, trends and matters of style. Just the fluff, ma'am. Heads up, billionaires! Now you can hire "the navy that sank Napoleon" to train your mega-yacht crew... If a Ferrari is also part of your fleet, you might want to check [...]FRANK--Alan. Dear The, We will be missing you always and of course we will Follow the Queen in your honor every first Thursday. Rest in peace. We love you. The Knights of the Green Felt Table     FRANK--Alan, age 58, suddenly on February 28. Belov...Wrapping up some loose ends from the Yankees' shortest day of camp.Wrapping up some loose ends from the Yankees' shortest day of camp.