Apple plans to begin selling the long-awaited, faster 3G version of its iPhone by August in some European countries, as part of an expanded rollout announced on Tuesday.NBC is experimenting with offering its TV shows free to iPhone users using streaming technology. This will allow NBC to make money from advertising and avoid selling downloads through Apple's iTunes Store.NBC is experimenting with offering its TV shows free to iPhone users using streaming technology. This will allow NBC to make money from advertising and avoid selling downloads through Apple's iTunes Store.A lot of us carry a little bit of Steve Jobs around in our pocket, in the form of iPods and iPhones. Now, Apple is after the remaining bit of life-share that it doesn’t already own, the home front.A criminal was photographed remotely through the camera on the laptop computer he had stolen, identified and brought to justice.You can save electricity by setting your computer’s monitor to turn off automatically after a few minutes of inactivity.Blogtalk: CitiBank's new slogan, pray-ins for Sean Bell, the Brooklyn Blogfest, Veniero's pastry shop shutdown, Myrtle the Turtle and Boris the Famous Cat, among other New York links.Blogtalk: CitiBank's new slogan, pray-ins for Sean Bell, the Brooklyn Blogfest, Veniero's pastry shop shutdown, Myrtle the Turtle and Boris the Famous Cat, among other New York links.NBC Universal will sell its TV shows through Microsoft's new Zune video store, but won't sell them through Apple's iTunes. One reason, NBC says, is that Microsoft is developing a system to block pirated videos from playing on the Zune.NBC Universal will sell its TV shows through Microsoft's new Zune video store, but won't sell them through Apple's iTunes. One reason, NBC says, is that Microsoft is developing a system to block pirated videos from playing on the Zune.Between laptop-sized computers and hand-held devices, is there room for a third category whose size would fall between the two?New York uses King Kong to help promote tourism in the state.The Zune Marketplace now sells television shows. Microsoft is the latest company to get into the business of television downloads. The company is making about 800 episodes of TV shows available for sale through its Zune Marketplace, which sells co...The Zune Marketplace now sells television shows. Microsoft is the latest company to get into the business of television downloads. The company is making about 800 episodes of TV shows available for sale through its Zune Marketplace, which sells content for Microsoft's Zune digital media player. Since it was introduced in October, the Marketplace has [...]