b'A start-up company called Tapulous has turned a simple game for the iPhone into an Internet-age mobile stage for musicians.To collectors, the inability of Apple and EMI to get new versions of the Fab Four\xe2\x80\x99s music onto the market is a symbol of how pathetic the record business has become.No computer required--iPhone users with HP printers get a wireless link.No computer required--iPhone users with HP printers get a wireless link.    When Apple released the MacBook Air, below, someone viewed the sleek notebook as an opportunity to make fun of clunky old Dell on YouTube with a parody ad. But what if Dell is about to have the last laugh in the ultralight laptop race?  In cellphones, the defining moment of 2008 was Apple\'s introduction of the App Store. For 2009, the top question is who can create a rival platform.In cellphones, the defining moment of 2008 was Apple\'s introduction of the App Store. For 2009, the top question is who can create a rival platform.A new service gathers all your social-network contacts into one universal directory.A new service gathers all your social-network contacts into one universal directory.Instead of getting on the phone, here\xe2\x80\x99s how to get online and start crowdsourcing your tech support needs.For musicians who hope to earn a living in the era of free downloads, a practical solution has emerged: use music to sell something else.Amazon.com said its holiday season was the "best ever" but the retailer was silent on key details -- like sales, profits and the total number of goods sold.Amazon.com said its holiday season was the "best ever" but the retailer was silent on key details -- like sales, profits and the total number of goods sold.Glassdoor.com rates the best and worst chief executives of the year, based on anonymous employee reviews. The top boss: Arthur Levinson of Genentech. The worst: Steve Odland of Office Depot.Glassdoor.com rates the best and worst chief executives of the year, based on anonymous employee reviews. The top boss: Arthur Levinson of Genentech. The worst: Steve Odland of Office Depot.'