b"My Apple TV isn\xe2\x80\x99t showing the photos in my Pictures folder. How do I get them off my hard drive and on the television screen?Seeing Comments      In Word  Answers provided to questions about Microsoft Word and Apple TV (M)In proposing to buy Circuit City, Blockbuster says it wants to combine hardware, software, digital media and retail. That sounds a lot like a plan to copy Apple. So far investors are not buying it.In proposing to buy Circuit City, Blockbuster says it wants to combine hardware, software, digital media and retail. That sounds a lot like a plan to copy Apple. So far investors are not buying it.The Green Apple Festival concerts will be held on Sunday in eight cities:.This weekend\xe2\x80\x99s Green Apple Festival, which includes free concerts in eight cities, will feature a nontraditional lineup in the hopes of getting a younger audience.Amazon's five-month-old digital download store has become the distant No. 2 in that market to Apple, according to NPD. But other data show that people are still borrowing and stealing music more and not buying it.Amazon's five-month-old digital download store has become the distant No. 2 in that market to Apple, according to NPD. But other data show that people are still borrowing and stealing music more and not buying it.The rise of sites with the \xe2\x80\x9cmy\xe2\x80\x9d prefix is an outgrowth of an increasingly customized world of technology, such as the iPod and TiVo.Only 350 miles separate the two California business cultures, but executives are once more trying to bridge the gap between technology and entertainment.PC sales in the United States are dramatically slowing, but sales in the rest of the world are staying strong. Laptops are overtaking desktops acorss the globe, says IDC, the research firm.PC sales in the United States are dramatically slowing, but sales in the rest of the world are staying strong. Laptops are overtaking desktops acorss the globe, says IDC, the research firm.ROEGGE--Frank, 88, of Madison, CT, passed away March 30, 2008. Frank is survived by loving wife of nearly 50 years, Mary (Connors) Roegge, and children: John Roegge of Pawling, NY and William Roegge and his wife Diana of Branford, CT, four grandch..."