Touch screens, the mobile Internet and devices packed with multimedia capabilities dominated the discussion last week at CTIA Wireless 2008.Apple stores are sold out of iPhones. Some analysts see signs of a new model coming. But one says Apple is simply favoring AT&T stores in order to lift its reported first-quarter sales.Apple stores are sold out of iPhones. Some analysts see signs of a new model coming. But one says Apple is simply favoring AT&T stores in order to lift its reported first-quarter sales.David Pogue responds to those vocal pre-release blogger-bashers, who are, as it turns out, terrible predictors of a product’s success or failure.This writeup of the MacBook Air might seem kind of peculiar, considering that my official review appeared in The Times back in January. But I've got to get something off my chest. I get tons and tons of e-mail feedback - hundreds of messages a wee...This writeup of the MacBook Air might seem kind of peculiar, considering that my official review appeared in The Times back in January. But I've got to get something off my chest. I get tons and tons of e-mail feedback - hundreds of messages a week. Most of it's instructive, constructive, interesting, funny, friendly. But [...]Research in Motion reported a fourth-quarter profit that more than doubled and topped analysts’ estimates as the company added more than two million subscribers.Asus’s ultralight laptop, the U2E, is meant to evoke the days when travelers wouldn’t leave home without their leather valises and trunks.MySpace will spin out its popular music service as a joint venture with Universal Music, Sony BMG and Warner.Intel plans to proclaim that the next big thing in consumer gadgets will be the “Internet in your pocket.”Three of the music industry’s four major companies have struck a deal with the social networking site MySpace to start a music Web site.The cellphone maker Motorola said that it was cutting jobs and paying severance payments to around 2,600 workers, resulting in a net pre-tax charge of around $104 million.