b"The higher pricing for some HBO shows is a departure for Apple which for years has insisted on standard pricing for digital downloads, at $1.99.What is the easier way to run the Windows operating system on Intel-based Macintosh hardware \xe2\x80\x94 Boot Camp or a program like Parallels?Yahoo has acquired Inquisitor in a move to improve how search results appear on Apple computers. The Safari browser plug-in offers autocompletion of search queries and shows a pane with search results as users type queries. The plug-in, now in ver...Yahoo has acquired Inquisitor in a move to improve how search results appear on Apple computers. The Safari browser plug-in offers autocompletion of search queries and shows a pane with search results as users type queries. The plug-in, now in version 3, is a free download. Terms of the deal weren't disclosed, but Inquisitor founder [...](6:45 P.M. UPDATE: Research in Motion apparently thinks Apple is on to a good thing. The company plans to introduce a BlackBerry with a touch-screen keyboard in the third quarter, according to the blog Boy Genius Report.) This summer will be an ex...(6:45 P.M. UPDATE: Research in Motion apparently thinks Apple is on to a good thing. The company plans to introduce a BlackBerry with a touch-screen keyboard in the third quarter, according to the blog Boy Genius Report.) This summer will be an exciting time for AT&T's cellphone customers as both Apple and Research in Motion [...]The mission of the Horse Institute in Ancramdale, N.Y. is to give managers a chance to improve a variety of skills by observing and performing exercises with horses.For those who would like to fix their own computers, there are a number of online resources that can help guide you through the process.HBO is expected to start selling shows on Apple's iTunes site, with flexible pricing.HBO is expected to start selling shows on Apple's iTunes site, with flexible pricing.After years of insisting on standard pricing for digital downloads, Apple is apparently ready to acknowledge that not all television shows are created equal.After years of insisting on standard pricing for digital downloads, Apple is apparently ready to acknowledge that not all television shows are created equal.Wall Street advanced Wednesday after a better-than-expected report on consumer prices tempered some of the market\xe2\x80\x99s concerns about inflation.EXEMPTION FOR MENTHOL Menthol, the most frequently used cigarette flavoring and a popular cigarette choice of African-American smokers, is being exempted as Congress tries to regulate flavored tobacco."