b'Taking a step that professors may view as a bit counterproductive, some universities are doling out Apple iPhones and Internet-capable iPods to students.Palm is trying to revive itself as business users have embraced the BlackBerry and consumers have fallen in love with the iPhone.Access to Apple\xe2\x80\x99s iTunes Web site has apparently been blocked by Internet providers in China.Internet users in China have been complaining this week that they cannot access Apple\'s iTunes Store. The start of the problems coincided with an announcement from a pro-Tibet group which said that around 40 Olympic athletes had downloaded a benef...Internet users in China have been complaining this week that they cannot access Apple\'s iTunes Store. The start of the problems coincided with an announcement from a pro-Tibet group which said that around 40 Olympic athletes had downloaded a benefit album that was also carried on iTunes.New York City\'s Department of Transportation has contracted with the Office for Visual Interaction, a lighting design group, to install and test L.E.D. street lighting. If the tests are successful, the city\'s entire stock of 300,000 street lamps c...New York City\'s Department of Transportation has contracted with the Office for Visual Interaction, a lighting design group, to install and test L.E.D. street lighting. If the tests are successful, the city\'s entire stock of 300,000 street lamps could one day be replaced with L.E.D. versions.The market for touch screens has grown quietly for years, both in commercial applications and in consumer devices.Several hours ago, Apple shipped its second software update for the new iPhone 3G. Software version 2.02 "fixes bugs," according to the documentation accompanying the software patch. That has touched off a wave of speculation that this update will...Several hours ago, Apple shipped its second software update for the new iPhone 3G. Software version 2.02 "fixes bugs," according to the documentation accompanying the software patch. That has touched off a wave of speculation that this update will fix the new handset\'s communications problems. But will it?A new $100 million fund invests in start-ups specializing in iPhone applications.Intel has made progress in a technology that could lead to the wireless recharging of gadgets and the end of the power-cord spaghetti behind electronic devices.Wholesale prices for the L.C.D. panels have been dropping and excess inventory is forcing HDTV prices down as companies try to get rid of their finished products so they can move in new models.Wholesale prices for the L.C.D. panels have been dropping and excess inventory is forcing HDTV prices down as companies try to get rid of their finished products so they can move in new models.'