Will one of Apple's new iPod commercials propel an obscure Brooklyn band into the national spotlight?     Apple has done so with other independent acts -- earning it a reputation as a tastemaker, doing for bands what Oprah Winfrey has done for boo...Jennifer 8 Lee writes article on Metro section's City Room blog concerning use by Apple Computer Inc of Brooklyn-based band Chairlift in its latest commercial for iPod Nano; photo (M)The false report on a CNN citizen journalist site said that Apple’s chief executive, Steven P. Jobs, had a heart attack and was hospitalized.Investors are worried about Apple's sales during a recession. The bigger question is how Apple handles the slowdown.Investors are worried about Apple's sales during a recession. The bigger question is how Apple handles the slowdown.Apple announced that it would no longer enforce its nondisclosure agreement for software it has released.Apple announced that it would no longer enforce its nondisclosure agreement for software it has released.The iPod maker has become a musical tastemaker, as the Brooklyn band Chairlift found out. It all started with a mysterious phone call.The iPod maker has become a musical tastemaker, as the Brooklyn band Chairlift found out. It all started with a mysterious phone call.I.B.M. says its Lotus Notes messaging software works on the iPhone.I.B.M. says its Lotus Notes messaging software works on the iPhone.Apple's stock took a brief roller-coaster ride after a "citizen journalist" said Steve Jobs had been rushed to the hospital with chest pains.Apple's stock took a brief roller-coaster ride after a "citizen journalist" said Steve Jobs had been rushed to the hospital with chest pains.With Intel encroaching on its mobile device business, ARM Holdings has turned to I.B.M. and Samsung.With Intel encroaching on its mobile device business, ARM Holdings has turned to I.B.M. and Samsung.A decision on royalties for ringtones will keep the price of ringtones high and shows the problems with government-set rates.A decision on royalties for ringtones will keep the price of ringtones high and shows the problems with government-set rates.Vudu, a set-top box that offers instant playback of thousands of movies and TV shows, has not found huge success, despite the breadth of its offerings and the quality of its images.