b"Apple is hoping to expand the iPhone\xe2\x80\x99s appeal by luring software developers to create programs for it.Apple unveiled new software that reflects its intensifying effort to court business customers and placate third-party developers who want to build iPhone applications but have been locked out.Last year, Nintendo Wii and the Apple iPhone began to break down the logjam in technological innovation for the way humans interact with computers.Three art students from Austria have pushed the envelope on their iPhones, creating what they call the first iBand.Apple has created tools for programmers to build interesting applications to run on the iPhone. But all programs must be distributed through Apple, which will take 30 percent of the sale price.Apple has created tools for programmers to build interesting applications to run on the iPhone. But all programs must be distributed through Apple, which will take 30 percent of the sale price.The Internet is littered with ventures that offer the ability to download movies legally online. Few have had the predicted success.Apple has not made it easy for the iPhone to view most Web video. But the BBC has decided to convert 400 hours a week of programs into Apple's preferred format to make an iPhone version of its iPlayer video site.Apple has not made it easy for the iPhone to view most Web video. But the BBC has decided to convert 400 hours a week of programs into Apple's preferred format to make an iPhone version of its iPlayer video site.Steven P. Jobs, Apple's chief executive, is hoping to expand the iPhone's appeal by luring software developers to create programs for it. John Doerr, the venture capitalist, is adding an incentive: his firm is putting up $100 million to invest in ...Steven P. Jobs, Apple's chief executive, is hoping to expand the iPhone's appeal by luring software developers to create programs for it. John Doerr, the venture capitalist, is adding an incentive: his firm is putting up $100 million to invest in the work of those programmers. At an event Thursday at Apple headquarters, Mr. Jobs [...]NAND flash chips account for only a fraction of Intel's business, but the segment's impact on Intel's bottom line is more dramatic because lower price points mean the company sells even greater quantities, bringing down gross margins.NAND flash chips account for only a fraction of Intel's business, but the segment's impact on Intel's bottom line is more dramatic because lower price points mean the company sells even greater quantities, bringing down gross margins.The advantage over computer-based social networks, companies believe, is the ability to know where a cellphone is, thanks to global positioning satellites and related technologies."