Apple faces a new challenge as it prepares to introduce an updated version of the phone next month.If you're in the market for a new iPhone, hold off a few weeks. All the signs suggest that significant upgrades are coming in June.If you're in the market for a new iPhone, hold off a few weeks. All the signs suggest that significant upgrades are coming in June.Bill Gates, Microsoft's chairman, is intent on performing what must be the world's longest-running Cheshire Cat act.Bill Gates, Microsoft's chairman, is intent on performing what must be the world's longest-running Cheshire Cat act.Manufacturers are increasingly embedding accelerometers and other sensors into machines, which allow them to respond to movement without waiting for their humans to push a button.The United States has filed a complaint with the World Trade Organization over European tariffs on high-tech goods like computer monitors and printers.Browser developer Mozilla will soon release Firefox 3.0, which will feature a few tricks that could change the way people organize and find the Web sites they visit most frequently.Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers is reportedly leading a $15 million round for Pelago, the first company to tap iFund, the $100 million cash pool Apple launched in partnership with the V.C. firm to fund iPhone applications. According to BusinessWe...Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers is reportedly leading a $15 million round for Pelago, the first company to tap iFund, the $100 million cash pool Apple launched in partnership with the V.C. firm to fund iPhone applications. According to BusinessWeek, Pelago's software, called Whrrl, ties the mapping capabilities of the iPhone and other smartphones with [...]Reuters reports: Time Warner Cable plans to offer subscribers an easier way to bring Internet video to their television screens as part of an overall home networking system, Chief Executive Glenn Britt said on Friday. "Right now it's pretty hard t...Reuters reports: Time Warner Cable plans to offer subscribers an easier way to bring Internet video to their television screens as part of an overall home networking system, Chief Executive Glenn Britt said on Friday. "Right now it's pretty hard to get Internet stuff on your TV," Britt said at the Sanford C. Bernstein Strategic [...]Without increased government aid the city would raise rents for some public housing tenants and eliminate many community centers, according to the chairman of the housing authority.HIS OWN RULES Ben S. Bernanke rewrote the rule book as head of the Federal Reserve. ''Some will criticize it and some will praise it, and it will certainly be examined for decades.''      WORKERS' RIGHTS The Supreme Court ruled that employees were...