The layoffs may be one of the first signs in Silicon Valley of an economic slowdown that has already affected other industries in the United States.The gloom pervading the financial markets and the business climate has reached the land of innovation.Almost everyone at the CTIA conference last week seemed to be musing about how mainstream the wireless industry was becoming.Almost everyone at the CTIA conference last week seemed to be musing about how mainstream the wireless industry was becoming.Companies have noticed a growing market for simple devices aimed at older customers.For decades, Silicon Valley has been defined by the tension between the technologist’s urge to share information and the industrialist’s incentive to profit.With the No. 1 source of music sales now an online downloading service, Amazon.com looks at the development of its digital offerings with a sense of urgency.A good idea from a reader: David, I had the simplest of ideas for helping people avoid "Reply-All" nightmares (where you humiliate yourself by clicking Reply to All, blasting your response to a huge group, instead of just Reply). E-mail programs l...A good idea from a reader: David, I had the simplest of ideas for helping people avoid "Reply-All" nightmares (where you humiliate yourself by clicking Reply to All, blasting your response to a huge group, instead of just Reply). E-mail programs like Outlook or Apple Mail should just not put the Reply-All button anywhere near [...]Apple announced last week that its iTunes Music Store is now the leading music retailer in the country, ahead of Wal-Mart and Best Buy. Nothing to be surprised at there. Digital downloading has been growing at a remarkable rate, and not only becau...Apple announced last week that its iTunes Music Store is now the leading music retailer in the country, ahead of Wal-Mart and Best Buy. Nothing to be surprised at there. Digital downloading has been growing at a remarkable rate, and not only because it's easy and fast. It's also replacing a medium-the CD-that was never [...](Rendering of Gansevoort South courtesy of Nancy J. Friedman, Public Relations) The rooftop pool used to be as rare as a Balenciaga gladiator sandal. But no longer: new hotels around the country are topping out with a splash. At the new Gansevoort...(Rendering of Gansevoort South courtesy of Nancy J. Friedman, Public Relations) The rooftop pool used to be as rare as a Balenciaga gladiator sandal. But no longer: new hotels around the country are topping out with a splash. At the new Gansevoort South in Miami's South Beach, the 18th floor is an adults-only playground where [...]At the Pluckemin Inn in Bedminster, the ingredients are carefully sourced and assembled and the service is equally thoughtful.