Apple turned on the tap for its iPhone App store last week, unleashing more than 500 applications. If you have an iPhone, you just might forget the device is capable of making phone callsDavid Pogue on some of the new applications for the iPhone.Rik Fairlie makes a “Best of” list for his favorite applications for the iPhone.Apple said that it had sold one million new iPhones in the initial weekend, on par with analyst estimates.Rik Fairlie makes a “Best of” list for his favorite applications for the iPhone.Apple overhauls its .Mac service and calls it MobileMe, an effort to synchronize in real time all of the data on all of your computers.''Cloud computing'' is a white-hot buzzword these days. It basically means working with files and programs that reside on the Internet, beyond your company's walls -- out there in the ''cloud.''      Everyday consumers are doing cloud computing, t...David Pogue State of the Art column on Apple's new MobileMe service, overhaul of suite of Internet features that used to be called .Mac; says service, priced at $100 a year, is meant to keep e-mail, calendars, address books and Web bookmarks on all computers--Mac, Windows Pcs, iPhones and iPod Touches--synchronized in real time; service is known as 'cloud computing,' meaning working with files and programs that reside on Internet, beyond company's walls--out there in the 'cloud'; drawing; photo (M)Using the iPhone 3G’s G.P.S. technology, Urbanspoon, a software program, can identify the 200 or so restaurants nearest to where you are.Apple has sued Psystar, a Florida-based maker of Macintosh clones, claiming that the company makes poor-quality machines that infringe on Apple's trademarks. Apple wants the company to stop making the clones and recall the ones already sold.Apple has sued Psystar, a Florida-based maker of Macintosh clones, claiming that the company makes poor-quality machines that infringe on Apple's trademarks. Apple wants the company to stop making the clones and recall the ones already sold.So what if his signature product hasn't sold well and Steven P. Jobs once called its design inelegant? Doug Field, the longtime technology chief at Segway, is joining Apple to become a product designer.     Mr. Field was part of the original desig...