b"Last Thursday, in my weekly e-column, I blasted Apple for the way it's been handling the disastrous opening of its MobileMe service. Two weeks after launch, at least 20,000 customers still had no way to send or receive e-mail. The worst part, thou...Last Thursday, in my weekly e-column, I blasted Apple for the way it's been handling the disastrous opening of its MobileMe service. Two weeks after launch, at least 20,000 customers still had no way to send or receive e-mail. The worst part, though, was Apple's smug silence on the issue. What was causing the problem? [...]Do digital songs from Amazon.com work on an iPod, and if so, how do you get them onto the thing from the Web?Gizmodo's current Photoshop contest, challenging readers to introduce modern technology into classic paintings, has elicited some brilliant entries.Gizmodo's current Photoshop contest, challenging readers to introduce modern technology into classic paintings, has elicited some brilliant entries.Microsoft Opens Xbox to More Games      Openness has reached that most closed of devices: the video game console. Microsoft is now creating a method for almost anyone to write and sell games for its Xbox 360 machines, below.  Microsoft is creating method by which almost anyone can write and sell games for its Xbox 360 machines; photo (S)With the stock down, many shareholders are questioning whether Jerry Yang is the right man to lead Yahoo.T-Mobile said it would announce on Thursday a new service that will give parents a way to control almost every aspect of their children\xe2\x80\x99s cellphone use.Thousands sat for the grueling New York State Bar Examination on Tuesday and Wednesday, sweating out the intricacies of criminal codes and contract law. For many, the fear factor was heightened by the threat of a personal computer  meltdown during...Candidates for New York State Bar are allowed to use Windows-based laptop computers for essay portions of exam; past system failures, however, have left candidates with scary list of warnings and disclaimers about potential technical problems; warnings are so intimidating that many candidates turn to only tried-and-true recording method--pen and paper; photo (M)Marc Frons, chief technology officer, digital operations, is answering questions this week.Amazon Music      On an iPod  Blogtalk: The artist DMX rapped during his court hearing; Miss Brooklyn has been named Miss New York; Mayor Bloomberg\xe2\x80\x99s possible third term; and more New York links.Blogtalk: The artist DMX rapped during his court hearing; Miss Brooklyn has been named Miss New York; Mayor Bloomberg\xe2\x80\x99s possible third term; and more New York links."