b"The popularity of the iPhone is defying Apple\xe2\x80\x99s attempt to slowly introduce it in new markets.A note from Linkin Park to its fans hints of an Apple event in New York later this month. A frenzy of speculation, of course, ensues about what the company might introduce.A note from Linkin Park to its fans hints of an Apple event in New York later this month. A frenzy of speculation, of course, ensues about what the company might introduce.As it hinted to fans, Linkin Park, the rock band, played a concert for Apple in New York. But it was simply a performance at an Apple store, not part of a product announcement event.As it hinted to fans, Linkin Park, the rock band, played a concert for Apple in New York. But it was simply a performance at an Apple store, not part of a product announcement event.Mark Bittman, a k a The Minimalist, lets a sweet, buttery apple cake have a drink.The Chumby, a $179 squishy Internet-linked alarm clock, is touted as being an open hardware and software standard. It is not open to publishers unless they agree to share some of their advertising revenue with the gizmo's maker.The Chumby, a $179 squishy Internet-linked alarm clock, is touted as being an open hardware and software standard. It is not open to publishers unless they agree to share some of their advertising revenue with the gizmo's maker.A computer security research group has developed a way to steal encrypted information from computer hard disks.When I try to add new music to my iTunes library, I get an error message that says I \xe2\x80\x9cdon\xe2\x80\x99t have enough access privileges for this operation.\xe2\x80\x9d What does this mean and how can I fix the problem?The Internet movie download era may be more distant than you think.My photos on a widescreen computer monitor are horizontally distorted, making people look wider and shorter. Is there a way I can adjust the screen image to properly display the pictures?With the competing disc format gone, Sony still has to convince people to pay $350 or more for a Blu-ray player and $25 and up for discs. The latest generation of standard DVD players offers a very good picture on a high definition set for much le...With the competing disc format gone, Sony still has to convince people to pay $350 or more for a Blu-ray player and $25 and up for discs. The latest generation of standard DVD players offers a very good picture on a high definition set for much less."