Is it possible to get a cracked iPod screen repaired for significantly less than what it would cost to just buy a new iPod?Sales of  iPods Have Cooled      Every company should have this sort of problem. Apple sold 10.6 million iPods in the first three months of 2008. It has a 73 percent share of the music player market in the United States and a growing share abroad....Apple, with 73 percent share of music player market in US, reports sales grew only 1 percent in first quarter; drops price of iPod Shuffle in response to falling sales; photo (S)A reader complains about Apple's policy on replacing a cracked iPhone screen.A reader complains about Apple's policy on replacing a cracked iPhone screen.A report says AT&T will subsidize the new iPhone model to sell it for $199. What it doesn't say is whether monthly data fees will rise at the same time.A report says AT&T will subsidize the new iPhone model to sell it for $199. What it doesn't say is whether monthly data fees will rise at the same time.IPod Quandary:      Fix or Replace?  The studios will now let Apple and other online stores sell movies as downloads on the same day as they are released as DVDs. Many studios had required a delay of as much as 30 days.The studios will now let Apple and other online stores sell movies as downloads on the same day as they are released as DVDs. Many studios had required a delay of as much as 30 days.Warner Brothers will now start making films available for online rental, such as through Apple TV, and on cable pay-per-view systems, the same day that it releases them to DVD. This isn't surprising since it makes three times more money from a dig...Warner Brothers will now start making films available for online rental, such as through Apple TV, and on cable pay-per-view systems, the same day that it releases them to DVD. This isn't surprising since it makes three times more money from a digital rental than one on a disc.With the opening of the Thompson LES hotel next month, Lee Friedlander will bring new meaning to the term “artist in residence.” Over each of the 141 beds in this downtown Manhattan hotel, a wall-mounted light box will illuminate black-and-white p...THE FOOD AND DRUG Administration has ordered Merck & Company to correct numerous manufacturing deficiencies at its main vaccine plant, the agency said Wednesday. (AP).For perspective on just how long the Democratic contest has been, consider that gas was $2.20 a gallon, Eliot Spitzer was a rising star and neither Manning had won a Super Bowl in fall 2006.