“Play On!,” the 31st edition of the Big Apple Circus, performed under its little big top in Damrosch Park at Lincoln Center, shining a spotlight on the music essential to the spectacle.I.B.M. sued Mark Papermaster, one of its top executives , on Thursday in an attempt to prevent him from taking a position at Apple.Most recent iPods have a volume-limit control on the settings menu that can be used to lower the maximum volume to a more ear-friendly level.Apple’s bestselling MacBook laptop just got its 2008 makeover. It’s a thing of beauty, clad in aluminum like its more expensive Pro siblings.Apple's bestselling MacBook laptop just got its 2008 makeover. It's a thing of beauty, clad in aluminum like its more expensive Pro siblings.Apple's bestselling MacBook laptop just got its 2008 makeover. It's a thing of beauty, clad in aluminum like its more expensive Pro siblings.Scenes from the Big Apple Circus’s “Play On!,” performed under a little big top in Damrosch Park at Lincoln Center.I.B.M. sued one of its top executives on Thursday in an attempt to prevent him from taking a position at Apple, The New York Times John Markoff reported. The company said that the executive, Mark Papermaster, who until last week had been manager i...I.B.M. sued one of its top executives on Thursday in an attempt to prevent him from taking a position at Apple, The New York Times John Markoff reported. The company said that the executive, Mark Papermaster, who until last week had been manager in charge of the company's blade server business, had signed a noncompete [...]An MTV licensing arrangement with the Beatles may bring the band’s songs to the company’s popular Rock Band video game.Shares of Apple rallied Wednesday after an analyst said the maker of iPhones and Mac computers is in excellent position to launch a "substantial" share buyback program. Apples shares closed up $4.64, or 4.6 percent, at $104.55 after rising as high...Shares of Apple rallied Wednesday after an analyst said the maker of iPhones and Mac computers is in excellent position to launch a "substantial" share buyback program. Apples shares closed up $4.64, or 4.6 percent, at $104.55 after rising as high as $109.54 during the session. Sanford Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi wrote in a note [...]The BlackBerry Flip and the BlackBerry Bold have arrived, each with a feature that shouts, “Take that, iPhone.”