b'The company placed new executives in charge of operations facing fierce new competition from Google, Apple and cellphone makers.For the cellphone industry, software is growing in importance as smartphones, capable of accessing the Web, become more popular.Going online at a Starbucks over a Wi-Fi connection will cost less money or will even be free, thanks to a new deal between the coffee chain and AT&T.Going online at a Starbucks over a Wi-Fi connection will cost less money or will even be free, thanks to a new deal between the coffee chain and AT&T.BERLIN \xe2\x80\x94 Once dubbed the Frankenphone by unimpressed mobile phone aficionados, Nokia\xe2\x80\x99s oval, game-focused N-Gage model quietly disappeared from the market not long after its introduction in 2003.Microsoft said it would acquire Danger, a maker of consumer smartphones, an indication that the software giant is quickly moving to expand its mobile strategy.When I reviewed Mac OS X 10.5, also known as Leopard, I had three complaints. 1. "Now, not all of Leopard\'s features are slam-dunks. Take Stacks, for example. When you click the icon of a folder in the Dock (the row of quick-access icons at the bo...When I reviewed Mac OS X 10.5, also known as Leopard, I had three complaints. 1. "Now, not all of Leopard\'s features are slam-dunks. Take Stacks, for example. When you click the icon of a folder in the Dock (the row of quick-access icons at the bottom of the screen), you get to see its [...]Competitors say the industry leader, Nokia, is still vulnerable to the vagaries of the cellphone business, with its fickle consumers and aggressive challengers.The second major outage of BlackBerry service in less than a year is an embarrassment for Ontario-based Research in Motion, the maker of BlackBerry devices.The second major outage of BlackBerry service in less than a year is an embarrassment for Ontario-based Research in Motion, the maker of Blackberry devices.As it continues to push for its $44.6 billion unsolicited bid for Yahoo, Microsoft announced a sweeping shake-up of its executive ranks Thursday, placing new executives over operations facing fierce new competition from Google, Apple and cellphone...As it continues to push for its $44.6 billion unsolicited bid for Yahoo, Microsoft announced a sweeping shake-up of its executive ranks Thursday, placing new executives over operations facing fierce new competition from Google, Apple and cellphone makers. The announcements were part of a broad management reorganization involving seven new senior vice presidents and seven [...]'