IDC, a leading technology research firm, is trotting out its crystal ball. Among its tech predictions for 2010: Apple brings out a tablet computer, netbooks move upscale, and I.B.M. buys Juniper Networks.IDC, a leading technology research firm, is trotting out its crystal ball. Among its tech predictions for 2010: Apple brings out a tablet computer, netbooks move upscale, and I.B.M. buys Juniper Networks.As the Apple App Store evolves, it is changing the goals of developers, bolstering sales of iPhones and causing competitors to overhaul their product lines.In the most recent sign that Apple is looking at alternative ways for people to store and play digital music, the company is said to be finalizing talks to acquire Lala, a three-year-old start-up.In the most recent sign that Apple is looking at alternative ways for people to store and play digital music, the company is said to be finalizing talks to acquire Lala, a three-year-old start-up.In a sign that Apple is looking at alternative ways for people to play digital music, the company has agreed to acquire Lala, a start-up, a person with knowledge of the deal said.Apple&#8217;s reconfigured iMac desktop &#151; a shiny wide-screen example of a home computer &#151; works beautifully ...unless it doesn&#8217;t work at all, or arrives with a cracked display.The Stanford Mobile Phone Orchestra pushes the frontiers of computer music using iPhones as instruments.Although it's only available for New York and Boston, Primospot's parking application contains detailed data about parking rules, garages and even bike racks.Although it's only available for New York and Boston, Primospot's parking application contains detailed data about parking rules, garages and even bike racks.Philip W. Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide product marketing, has immense power over iPhone applications. Which apps are on his personal iPhone?Philip W. Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide product marketing, has immense power over iPhone applications. Which apps are on his personal iPhone?The latest annual survey of wireless phone service from Consumer Reports places AT&T dead last in customer satisfaction. Verizon Wireless came in first.The latest annual survey of wireless phone service from Consumer Reports places AT&T dead last in customer satisfaction. Verizon Wireless came in first.In the Stanford Mobile Phone Orchestra, the instruments are Apple iPhones. But can the electronic tones of an iPhone really make musical art?In the Stanford Mobile Phone Orchestra, the instruments are Apple iPhones. But can the electronic tones of an iPhone really make musical art?