A Nokia executive says the Finnish cellphone maker sued Apple after failing to reach a licensing deal.Apple refreshes the iMac and Macbook and adds a new mouse. Is an Apple television next? It could explain a cryptic comment about falling profit margins.Apple refreshes the iMac and Macbook and adds a new mouse. Is an Apple television next? It could explain a cryptic comment about falling profit margins.Strong sales of the iPhone and Macintosh computers helped Apple post strong gains while rivals still struggle.My iPhone displays an E icon for the Edge network when it cannot get a 3G signal from AT&T. But sometimes, instead of the Edge icon, I see a hollow blue dot. What does that mean?Apple rolls out new products, including a mouse that borrows technology from the iPhoneApple rolls out new products, including a mouse that borrows technology from the iPhoneQ.Can I play Internet radio through Windows Media Player instead of through the Web browser?     A. Recent versions of Windows Media Player let you listen to live streaming radio in a few different ways. You can add a stream you find yourself on a...Q&A column answers questions on streaming music on Windows computers and deciphering various icons on Apple iPhone (M)Laptop users who know where to look online and have a little skill can extend the life of their timeworn machines.A relaxation of prosecutions involving medical marijuana use became one of the most talked about issues on Monday.A relaxation of prosecutions involving medical marijuana use became one of the most talked about issues on Monday.Verizon Wireless has begun an aggressive ad campaign promoting its new Motorola Droid smartphone by focusing on all the things that Apple's iPhone, which runs on the rival AT&T network, cannot do.Verizon Wireless has begun an aggressive ad campaign promoting its new Motorola Droid smartphone by focusing on all the things that Apple's iPhone, which runs on the rival AT&T network, cannot do.The Nook will cost $259, matching Amazon.com&#8217;s most recent price cut for its new edition of the Kindle.