b"Apple said that Steven P. Jobs, its co-founder and chief executive, had returned to work following a five-month medical leave during which he had a liver transplant.The ease with which video games can be played on the iPhone and the iPod Touch has spurred lots of attention in the industry.Michael Arrington, the founder of the TechCrunch blog, says he will begin selling the CrunchPad, a touch-screen tablet for Web surfing, later this summer.Michael Arrington, the founder of the TechCrunch blog, says he will begin selling the CrunchPad, a touch-screen tablet for Web surfing, later this summer.I\xe2\x80\x99m trying to decide between a Palm Pre and an Apple iPhone 3GS. I now use an antiquated Treo 650. Will all my contacts, calendar info and memos in the Treo transfer to either phone?A new father\xe2\x80\x99s memoir of modern parenting, from Buy Buy Baby to Dr. Ferber.How to transfer contacts and other data from an old Palm Treo to a new Palm Pre or Apple's iPhone.How to transfer contacts and other data from an old Palm Treo to a new Palm Pre or Apple's iPhone.New York City will offer prizes, including dinner with the mayor, to developers who come up with creative applications that tap into city data such as property records and restaurant inspections.New York City will offer prizes, including dinner with the mayor, to developers who come up with creative applications that tap into city data such as property records and restaurant inspections.Palm can barely keep up with demand for its Pre, says one prominent skeptic who is now bullish on the company's prospects.Palm can barely keep up with demand for its Pre, says one prominent skeptic who is now bullish on the company's prospects.A rule requiring manufacturers to install Internet filtering software on new computers was delayed one day before the deadline for the software to be installed on all computers sold in China.There are 50,000 apps for the iPhone. More are coming for the Pre and Android phones. Yet we want more. A few suggestions.There are 50,000 apps for the iPhone. More are coming for the Pre and Android phones. Yet we want more. A few suggestions."