The iPhone directs prospective donors out of the donation app and to the organization’s Web site, making the process more cumbersome.A report says that manufacturers of electronic components in Asia, which make parts for Apple devices, expect that a new iPad will go on sale in April.A report says that manufacturers of electronic components in Asia, which make parts for Apple devices, expect that a new iPad will go on sale in April.Want to know which apps were hottest this year? There are a few sources (one of which is an app itself) that can tell you.Want to know which apps were hottest this year? There are a few sources (one of which is an app itself) that can tell you.People carry their phones around in pockets with keys and change. People drop these things, toss them, scrape them. Why on earth don't they get totally scratched up?People carry their phones around in pockets with keys and change. People drop these things, toss them, scrape them. Why on earth don't they get totally scratched up?A project that began with an iPod Nano and an experimental wristwatch design has quickly exploded online, receiving over $570,000 in financing through Kickstarter, a Web site that helps people find support for projects.     The project was created...Bits blog; Chicago-based design firm Minimal receives over $570,000 in financing on Kickstarter Web site for project to take latest iPod Nano from Apple and incorporate it into wristwatch; photo (M)Apps that work wonders by making life easier and more fun.Apps like Instapaper and Flipboard encourage people browsing the Web to save long articles to read later.The Theater Development Fund, the nonprofit organization behind the TKTS theater discount service, on Tuesday announced two new additions, one for iPhone users and one for theatergoers who prefer human interaction.     The first new feature is an ...TKTS theater discount service in New York City adds iPhone app that checks theater ticket availability; TKTS representatives will continue to staff three locations including the Times Square booth (S)In addition to the app, which lets users see what tickets are offered at the TKTS booths, visitors to the Times Square booth can seek help from official TKTS Patron Services Representatives.In addition to the app, which lets users see what tickets are offered at the TKTS booths, visitors to the Times Square booth can seek help from official TKTS Patron Services Representatives.I would like to record my own song demos on the computer. Can I plug an electric guitar directly into to my MacBook instead of recording the guitar with a microphone?I would like to record my own song demos on the computer. Can I plug an electric guitar directly into to my MacBook instead of recording the guitar with a microphone?