Apple has taken technologies like the multitouch user interface from the iPhone and the iPad and put them in its new MacBook Air laptops and operating system.Apple’s PC-versus-Mac battle almost put it out of business. Is it creating a similar one in the smartphone field?SAN FRANCISCO -- If you want a smartphone powered by Google's Android software, you could get Motorola's Droid 2 or its cousin, the Droid X. Then there is the Droid Incredible from  HTC, the Fascinate from Samsung and the Ally from LG.      That's...Americans are buying more smartphones powered by Google's Android operating system than iPhones; there are over 20 Android phones available from various manufacturers in US, as opposed to single iPhone, offered only by Apple; recalls situation in 1980s when original Macintosh by Apple was marginalized by wide range of PCs running Microsoft products; analysts question whether Apple's closed culture, which relies on endless series of must-buy products, can prevail over open model in smartphone market; photos (M)The Google and Apple mobile battle continued as company executives took their disagreements to an earnings call and Twitter.The Google and Apple mobile battle continued as company executives took their disagreements to an earnings call and Twitter.Updates from an Apple press event that the company says will include "a sneak peek of the next major version of Mac OS X."Updates from an Apple press event that the company says will include "a sneak peek of the next major version of Mac OS X."The company’s newest products, like the iPad, are not as profitable as its computers and iPod music players.With $51 billion, Apple could buy any number of companies. Analysts speculate about ARM, Netflix, Electronic Arts and even Facebook.With $51 billion, Apple could buy any number of companies. Analysts speculate about ARM, Netflix, Electronic Arts and even Facebook.The iPad will not charge via its U.S.B. cable when connected to a non-Apple PC. Xmultiple's $5 adapter solves that little problem.The iPad will not charge via its U.S.B. cable when connected to a non-Apple PC. Xmultiple's $5 adapter solves that little problem.The Mac App Store will put software from developers big and small in front of Mac owners, easing purchases.The Mac App Store will put software from developers big and small in front of Mac owners, easing purchases.AT&#38;T said it activated a record 5.2 million new iPhones in the third quarter.