b"Apple piqued customer and news-media interest on Monday when it displayed a cryptic message on its Web site about an iTunes-related announcement.Apple piqued customer and news-media interest on Monday when it displayed a cryptic message on its Web site about an iTunes-related announcement.The band\xe2\x80\x99s record label and company announced the decision, after years of wrangling by one of the last holdouts against digital music sales.The Beatles and Apple have finally come together, right now, over iTunes. Here's a look at what the deal says about the art of negotiation.The Beatles and Apple have finally come together, right now, over iTunes. Here's a look at what the deal says about the art of negotiation.The Google Voice app is exactly what iPhone fans like me have been waiting and waiting and waiting for. (Android users, you already had this.)The Google Voice app is exactly what iPhone fans like me have been waiting and waiting and waiting for. (Android users, you already had this.)After more than a year of negotiations, Apple finally approved the Google Voice application for the iPhone, which allows users to make phone calls and send text messages using Google's mobile platform.After more than a year of negotiations, Apple finally approved the Google Voice application for the iPhone, which allows users to make phone calls and send text messages using Google's mobile platform.Apple is expected to announce that it has struck a deal with the Beatles and their record company, EMI, to sell the band\xe2\x80\x99s music on iTunes.Adding the Beatles catalog to iTunes provides a cultural validation of a kind that Apple has rarely needed from anyone else.What's on David Pogue's iPhone? He lists his ten favorite apps and more than two dozen runner-ups.What's on David Pogue's iPhone? He lists his ten favorite apps and more than two dozen runner-ups.NEW YORK -- After years of legal wrangling and negotiation, Apple has finally secured the rights to the music of the Beatles and made it available through its iTunes store in many countries on Tuesday.      In a joint announcement, Apple, EMI, the...True computer nerds, do I have a deal for you!     Christie's, the tony auctioneer, is hawking a snazzy computer that it hopes will sell for between $159,800 and $239,700. You're probably wondering what kind of computer is worth close to a quarter..."