b'Apple does not exhibit at trade fairs, only at its own staged events. But many items on display in Spain complement or respond to the company\xe2\x80\x99s wares.The computer company says it will replace for free "a very small percentage" of hard drives that are prone to failure in some MacBook laptops sold from May 2006 to December 2007.The computer company says it will replace for free "a very small percentage" of hard drives that are prone to failure in some MacBook laptops sold from May 2006 to December 2007.Apple\xe2\x80\x99s chief executive is set to collaborate on an authorized biography, to be written by Walter Isaacson, the former managing editor of Time magazine.Apple wanted publishers to discount best sellers, so its $12.99-to-$14.99 range is merely a ceiling, according to people familiar with talks with publishers.Fisher-Price says it will soon offer a tiny touch-screen computer for tots.Fisher-Price says it will soon offer a tiny touch-screen computer for tots.On the new version of Facebook, how can I make it just show my friends\xe2\x80\x99 status updates and not all that other stuff in my News Feed?Carriers are wary of repeating the mistakes of a decade ago, when billions were spent on equipment and licenses for third generation networks that were largely ignored by consumers until Apple introduced the iPhone.As mobile phones reach a plateau of innovation, what can we expect from the next generation of mobile devices? Here are six features that could help move mobile technology forward.As mobile phones reach a plateau of innovation, what can we expect from the next generation of mobile devices? Here are six features that could help move mobile technology forward.Adobe software on the Web on an iPad? Nothing doing. Inside an app? Apparently not a problem.Adobe software on the Web on an iPad? Nothing doing. Inside an app? Apparently not a problem.Our suggestions for your morning reading include items on Microsoft\'s new cellphone software, Apple Chief Executive Steven P. Jobs and the missteps at Google Buzz.Our suggestions for your morning reading include items on Microsoft\'s new cellphone software, Apple Chief Executive Steven P. Jobs and the missteps at Google Buzz.'