b'Apple, long resolute in its catering to consumers, is suddenly finding corporations becoming big customers.Apple is reaching into Google\'s Wallet.     This week Apple introduced a new feature for the iPhone in its Apple Store app. The feature, called EasyPay, allows people to take a picture of the bar code of a product with the phone\'s camera and then ...Bits blog; Apple introduces iPhone feature EasyPay, which allows shoppers to buy products inside its Apple Stores. Photo (M)4Apple is pushing out its iOS update, which is supposed to cure battery problems that have plagued some iPhone 4s owners, although owners report uneven results from the update.Apple is pushing out its iOS update, which is supposed to cure battery problems that have plagued some iPhone 4s owners, although owners report uneven results from the update.Corporate technology buyers say Apple does not try to hide the fact that consumers are still its top priority, but they note that the company has gotten easier to work with in recent years. It also doesn\'t hurt that Apple\'s new chief executive, Ti...Corporate technology buyers say Apple does not try to hide the fact that consumers are still its top priority, but they note that the company has gotten easier to work with in recent years. It also doesn\'t hurt that Apple\'s new chief executive, Timothy D. Cook, is known to be far more at ease meeting with the chief information officers Mr. Jobs once so memorably disparaged.A longtime member of the board, Arthur D. Levinson, will become its leader. Apple also named Robert A. Iger, the chief executive of Disney, as a director.Apple names Arthur D Levinson as new board chairman, signaling that the technology giant will not be run the same way it was under its co-founder Steven P Jobs; company also elects Walt Disney Company chief executive Robert A Iger to its board.Netflix on Tuesday launched a revamped Netflix app for Android tablets before releasing the same new software for the iPad. The move isn\'t a great sign for Apple, which benefits from the abundance of apps available for its devices. In this case, t...Netflix on Tuesday launched a revamped Netflix app for Android tablets before releasing the same new software for the iPad. The move isn\'t a great sign for Apple, which benefits from the abundance of apps available for its devices. In this case, the Android Netflix app won\'t have much of a head start on the new iPad app.Walter Isaacson is the author of "Steve Jobs," the best-selling biography published last month. In an interview, he discussed more about Apple\'s future product plans and its management. He also riffs on the nature of genius and the darker side of ...Walter Isaacson is the author of "Steve Jobs," the best-selling biography published last month. In an interview, he discussed more about Apple\'s future product plans and its management. He also riffs on the nature of genius and the darker side of Mr. Jobs\'s personality.Apple on Tuesday named Arthur D. Levinson as its non-executive chairman and said Robert A. Iger of the Walt Disney Company would join the board.Apple on Tuesday named Arthur D. Levinson as its non-executive chairman and said Robert A. Iger of the Walt Disney Company would join the board.Apple on Tuesday named Arthur D. Levinson as its non-executive chairman and said Robert A. Iger of the Walt Disney Company would join the board.Apple on Tuesday named Arthur D. Levinson as its non-executive chairman and said Robert A. Iger of the Walt Disney Company would join the board.The recent rise in borrowing costs is going to make it a tough transition for Spain\xe2\x80\x99s next government.Reuters BreakingViews column observes the recent rise in borrowing costs is going to make it a tough transition for Spain\'s next government; notes Apple has rightly decided to keep the roles of chairman and chief executive split.'