b"While other technology giants send teams of executives and host lavish parties, Apple is not even an official participant - and yet its gadgets are everywhere.While other technology giants send teams of executives and host lavish parties, Apple is not even an official participant - and yet its gadgets are everywhere.Apple has managed logic-defying growth via its combination of popular hardware, software and services. But its formula may face longer-term challenges.The annual gathering of Apple fans in San Francisco featured lots of iGadgets, from the serious to the whimsical, and no talk of Steve Jobs's health.The annual gathering of Apple fans in San Francisco featured lots of iGadgets, from the serious to the whimsical, and no talk of Steve Jobs's health.Why some fans of a new gizmo are eager to misuse it.When Timothy D. Cook is on his own, he will have to compensate for the absence of Steven P. Jobs.What explains the zealous debate over screen protectors?Apple sold more than 16 million iPhones in the last quarter, according to its earnings report. Next month sales will surely continue to rise as Apple starts selling the iPhone on the Verizon network. But if Apple wants to fend off the iPhone's riv...Bits blog; Apple may have to offer iPhone on other carriers besides AT&T and Verizon if it wants to keep its dominant position over competitors (M)One year to the day after Steve Jobs unveiled the iPad, the News Corporation says it is ready to unveil its iPad newspaper, The Daily.One year to the day after Steve Jobs unveiled the iPad, the News Corporation says it is ready to unveil its iPad newspaper, The Daily.On an 18-hour flight from California to Singapore a few years ago, Timothy D. Cook, Apple's chief operating officer, had little time for small talk with a colleague. Glued to his business class seat, Mr. Cook had his nose in spreadsheets, preparin...Profile of Apple's chief operating officer Timothy D Cook, who will once again take over operations while chief executive Steven P Jobs is on medical leave; Cook is considered most likely to succeed Jobs; photos (M)This week's e-mail bag brought a note that echoes the sentiments of many others:      ''Hi David! Am I the only one getting really confused by all the free/cheap Internet calling options? Would you mind  clearing the steadily occluding waters of S...David Pogue State of The Art column on variety of free and inexpensive calling applications available for Android phones and iPhones, as well as many Web-based computer options; says that as Internet connections improve, developers are increasingly creating better software for online phone connections, rapidly changing nature of making calls; photos; drawing (M)"