b"Apple is preparing to open one of its largest retail stores in New York's Grand Central Terminal. The shop is Apple's fifth in Manhattan and will employ 315 workers. It opens to the public on Friday.Apple is preparing to open one of its largest retail stores in New York's Grand Central Terminal. The shop is Apple's fifth in Manhattan and will employ 315 workers. It opens to the public on Friday.Apple has failed to prevent its competitor Samsung from selling a touchscreen tablet in Australia. An Australian court lifted a temporary sales ban on Samsung&#8217;s tablet, in time for the holiday shopping season.Apple has failed to prevent its competitor Samsung from selling a touchscreen tablet in Australia. An Australian court lifted a temporary sales ban on Samsung&#8217;s tablet, in time for the holiday shopping season.Apple allows its iTunes software to be controlled from beyond the computer, either with a remote control designed to work with iTunes, or by special software installed on a mobile device.Apple allows its iTunes software to be controlled from beyond the computer, either with a remote control designed to work with iTunes, or by special software installed on a mobile device.Amazon, Barnes & Noble and Apple have made it possible to send personalized gifts to their products.Amazon, Barnes & Noble and Apple are making it possible to send personalized gifts to people who own their tablet computers.A Chinese court rejected Apple's claim to own the iPad trademark in China, which could stifle sales of the popular tablet in some Chinese cities. Apple has been butting heads with Proview Technology, which made an unsuccessful attempt to sell a ta...A Chinese court rejected Apple's claim to own the iPad trademark in China, which could stifle sales of the popular tablet in some Chinese cities. Apple has been butting heads with Proview Technology, which made an unsuccessful attempt to sell a tablet computer called I-Pad.A Chinese court rejected Apple&#8217;s claim to own the iPad trademark in China, which could stifle sales of the popular tablet in some Chinese cities. Apple has been butting heads with Proview Technology, which made an unsuccessful attempt to sel...A Chinese court rejected Apple&#8217;s claim to own the iPad trademark in China, which could stifle sales of the popular tablet in some Chinese cities. Apple has been butting heads with Proview Technology, which made an unsuccessful attempt to sell a tablet computer called I-Pad.Apple has failed to prevent its competitor Samsung from selling a touchscreen tablet in Australia. An Australian court lifted a temporary sales ban on Samsung's tablet, in time for the holiday shopping season.Apple has failed to prevent its competitor Samsung from selling a touchscreen tablet in Australia. An Australian court lifted a temporary sales ban on Samsung's tablet, in time for the holiday shopping season.TELEVISION, and, for that matter, a whole lot of other devices, including cellphones and cars, are about to get more perceptive.     On Tuesday, millions of Microsoft Xbox users will be able to download an update to their game console that will en...Nick Bilton Disruptions column observes Xbox updates set for release and voice command software expected to be released by Apple in 2013 show that computers' abilities to read gestures is evolving; says television, which has changed only aesthetically since its invention, is about to be completely altered by new interfaces. (M)/The retail store, which opens Friday, will be one of Apple\xe2\x80\x99s largest, employing 315 workers.The retail store, which opens Friday, will be one of Apple\xe2\x80\x99s largest, employing 315 workers.Getting your iPad snatched can be worse than losing your purse. Apple's popular tablet is the digital equivalent of a drawer containing all sorts of personal data, like your photos, messages and address book. For one victim, however, this worked o...Getting your iPad snatched can be worse than losing your purse. Apple's popular tablet is the digital equivalent of a drawer containing all sorts of personal data, like your photos, messages and address book. For one victim, however, this worked out in her favor."