b"After months of speculation, the Facebook iPad application is finally available as a free download. The app is likely to benefit Apple and Facebook.After months of speculation, the Facebook iPad application is finally available as a free download. The app is likely to benefit Apple and Facebook.Apple's released a major upgrade to its mobile operating system. But before you start to upgrade your devices, please take these easy steps to prevent an accident that could wipe data from your device.Apple's released a major upgrade to its mobile operating system. But before you start to upgrade your devices, please take these easy steps to prevent an accident that could wipe data from your device.The iPhone 4S is loaded with dazzlers: faster speed, a camera that takes crisper shots, global reach and transformative voice recognition.T-Mobile is gently thumbing its nose at Apple's star product by introducing two new smartphones.T-Mobile is gently thumbing its nose at Apple's star product by introducing two new smartphones.Not enough hardware eye candy. That was the undertone of disappointment that surrounded the introduction of Apple's new iPhone on Tuesday.     But look beyond that to something really significant: Siri, the personal assistant application that Appl...Bits blog opines Apple's new Siri personal assistant application accompanying introduction of new iPhone represents future of firm's business and has potential to become future of search technology. (M)New ways to bypass charges for text messages could take a big bite out of wireless carriers\xe2\x80\x99 profits.Growing number of ways to bypass charges for text messages using Internet connections could take a big bite out of profits they generate for wireless carriers; more than two trillion text messages are sent annually in the United States, generating more than $20 billion in revenue for wireless industry.Innovate, then refine.     It's a pattern at Apple, and the iPhone 4S -- despite disappointment from some -- fits right into it.  Gadgetwise blog on Apple's new iPhone 4S and how its design was influenced by earlier Apple devices. Photos (M)0Mobile devices, including smartphones and tablets, account for 7 percent of all worldwide traffic on the Web, according to a report issued Tuesday. Owners of Apple devices use the Internet far more than owners of other kinds of mobile devices.Mobile devices, including smartphones and tablets, account for 7 percent of all worldwide traffic on the Web, according to a report issued Tuesday. Owners of Apple devices use the Internet far more than owners of other kinds of mobile devices.The iPhone 4S was only one of Apple's product arrivals this week. The other is a free mobile storage service, a more capable successor to MobileMe.The iPhone 4S was only one of Apple's product arrivals this week. The other is a free mobile storage service, a more capable successor to MobileMe.Apple will hold an event for Apple employees to commemorate Steve Jobs on Oct. 19 on its Silicon Valley campus.Apple will hold an event for Apple employees to commemorate Steve Jobs on Oct. 19 on its Silicon Valley campus."