b"Several Web sites have been created to review and maintain lists of apps aimed at helping children with autism and other special needs.Several Web sites have been created to review and maintain lists of apps aimed at helping children with autism and other special needs.An exploration of Apple's quandary as it runs short of primal symbols from the Felidae family.An exploration of Apple's quandary as it runs short of primal symbols from the Felidae family.According to a new report to be issued Wednesday by Nielsen, the market research firm, Google and Apple are both winning in the mobile smartphone race. Android has become the operating system of choice for most consumers, partly because of the ine...According to a new report to be issued Wednesday by Nielsen, the market research firm, Google and Apple are both winning in the mobile smartphone race. Android has become the operating system of choice for most consumers, partly because of the inexpensive handset options available through phone carriers. Apple&#8217;s iPhone has become the predominant hardware choice, for 29 percent of all smartphone owners.Apple responded to criticism that Siri, its virtual personal assistant software, was deliberately preventing users from searching for information related to women's health issues, like abortion and birth control.Apple responded to criticism that Siri, its virtual personal assistant software, was deliberately preventing users from searching for information related to women's health issues, like abortion and birth control.According to a new report to be issued Wednesday by Nielsen, the market research firm, Google and Apple are both winning in the mobile smartphone race. Android has become the operating system of choice for most consumers, partly because of the ine...According to a new report to be issued Wednesday by Nielsen, the market research firm, Google and Apple are both winning in the mobile smartphone race. Android has become the operating system of choice for most consumers, partly because of the inexpensive handset options available through phone carriers. Apple's iPhone has become the predominant hardware choice, for 29 percent of all smartphone owners.When virtual assistants like Apple\xe2\x80\x99s Siri are used in public places, the results can be annoying, even creepy, to unwilling listeners.Siri, Apple's virtual assistant software, appears to draw a blank when some users ask it to suggest an abortion clinic. A founder of Siri said it was not clear whether its inability to produce answers to specific queries was a deliberate decision ...Siri, Apple's virtual assistant software, appears to draw a blank when some users ask it to suggest an abortion clinic. A founder of Siri said it was not clear whether its inability to produce answers to specific queries was a deliberate decision on Apple's part.As gadget reviewers have pointed out, the Amazon Kindle Fire is clunky and slow. But it is also poised to be the second-most-popular tablet in the United States, after the Apple iPad. So why is the Kindle Fire selling so well if it is not so prett...As gadget reviewers have pointed out, the Amazon Kindle Fire is clunky and slow. But it is also poised to be the second-most-popular tablet in the United States, after the Apple iPad. So why is the Kindle Fire selling so well if it is not so pretty? The answer is price and content.ITether was a short-lived iPhone app that allowed free wireless tethering from your iPhone to other Wi-Fi equipped devices. That it was pulled from the App Store within a day is not surprising, but how did it get there in the first place?ITether was a short-lived iPhone app that allowed free wireless tethering from your iPhone to other Wi-Fi equipped devices. That it was pulled from the App Store within a day is not surprising, but how did it get there in the first place?Apple responded to criticism that Siri, its virtual personal assistant software, was deliberately preventing users from searching for information related to women's health issues, like abortion and birth control.Apple responded to criticism that Siri, its virtual personal assistant software, was deliberately preventing users from searching for information related to women's health issues, like abortion and birth control."