b'Q. I am running out of space on my iPad and can no longer get updates to apps. I killed off some apps. I killed photos. How do I kill music on the iPad without losing it on my PC and iPhone when I sync iTunes?     A. Instead of automatically synch...Personal Tech Q&A on particulars of automatic syncing on iPhone and Ipad, and a device that will allow user to listen to livestreaming radio (M)Instead of automatically synchronizing all the music in the iTunes library to every device, you be more selective about what goes on each iOS gadget.Instead of automatically synchronizing all the music in the iTunes library to every device, you be more selective about what goes on each iOS gadget.Maplets is a good option for iOS users who want maps and information on campsites, national and state parks, bike trails and other outdoor attractions.Maplets is a good option for iOS users who want maps and information on campsites, national and state parks, bike trails and other outdoor attractions.8:31 p.m. | Updated      Nortel Networks, the defunct Canadian telecommunications equipment maker, says it has agreed to sell more than 6,000 patent assets to an alliance made up of Apple, Microsoft and other technology giants for $4.5 billion in ...Nortel Networks agrees to sell more than 6,000 patent assets to alliance made up of Apple, Microsoft and other tech firms for $4.5 billion (M)The defunct Canadian telecommunications equipment maker sold more than 6,000 patent assets to a consortium of technology and telecom giants for $4.5 billion in cash.The defunct Canadian telecommunications equipment maker sold more than 6,000 patent assets to a consortium of technology and telecom giants for $4.5 billion in cash.As the smartphone market grows rapidly, companies like Google, Apple and Microsoft are trying to pull in new customers before they go to a competing operating system.As the smartphone market grows rapidly, companies like Google, Apple and Microsoft are trying to pull in new customers before they go to a competing operating system.On a recent trip to Silicon Valley, a theme rang true at almost every technology company and start-up: an extreme level of secrecy.On a recent trip to Silicon Valley, a theme rang true at almost every technology company and start-up: an extreme level of secrecy.Interactive children&#8217;s books for the iPad are becoming more engaging and, in some cases, are visually stunning.Apple\xe2\x80\x99s iPhoto program can automatically pull in pictures from a connected digital camera, but you can also easily save images attached to Mail messages too.Apple\xe2\x80\x99s iPhoto program can automatically pull in pictures from a connected digital camera, but you can also easily save images attached to Mail messages too.There are more than 700 apps tagged for toddlers in Apple\xe2\x80\x99s App store. Here are some of the best ones.There are more than 700 apps tagged for toddlers in Apple\xe2\x80\x99s App store. Here are some of the best ones.'