Apple's stock hit an all-time high Monday just one month after Steven P. Jobs, Apple's co-founder, resigned as chief executive.Apple's stock hit an all-time high Monday just one month after Steven P. Jobs, Apple's co-founder, resigned as chief executive.Apple's iPad lets you play video on the portable device and watch it on a connected TV screen.Apple's iPad lets you play video on the portable device and watch it on a connected TV screen.Barry Lubin, a clown who has played Grandma in the Big Apple Circus for about a quarter-century, is running off to perform in Europe.5:46 p.m. | Updated  Adding comments from the developer of Phone Story and Apple.     5:52 p.m. | Updated  Adding information about the Android version of the game, which is now available.  Amazon invited technology bloggers and journalists to a press conference in New York on Wednesday that could be host to the long-awaited color Kindle.Amazon invited technology bloggers and journalists to a press conference in New York on Wednesday that could be host to the long-awaited color Kindle.Apple's stock hit an all-time high Monday just one month after Steven P. Jobs, Apple's co-founder, resigned as chief executive.Apple's stock hit an all-time high Monday just one month after Steven P. Jobs, Apple's co-founder, resigned as chief executive.In the consumerization of I.T., fewer companies are dictating which smartphones, tablets and other electronics must be used by their employees.Line2 HD puts phone calls, texts and voice mail and email on a single screen, and offers a stack of other features as well.Line2 HD puts phone calls, texts and voice mail and email on a single screen, and offers a stack of other features as well.We're just weeks away from the announcement of the new Apple iPhone 5, according to an Apple employee who asked not to be named because he was not allowed to speak publicly for the company.     As the excitement for Apple's latest product revs up,...With apps, you can sort, scan and save news items, and filter out what you don&#8217;t want to read.