b"Updates from Apple's headquarters, where Timothy D. Cook is taking the stage to discuss what innovations the company has in mind for the iPhone.Updates from Apple's headquarters, where Timothy D. Cook is taking the stage to discuss what innovations the company has in mind for the iPhone.Apple needed to compete with Android, so it now has phones that are free and phones that cost $400.Apple needed to compete with Android, so it now has phones that are free and phones that cost $400.Steven P. Jobs, the co-founder and former chief executive of Apple, has died.Steven P. Jobs, the co-founder and former chief executive of Apple, has died.Apple\xe2\x80\x99s executives will have to figure out how to follow the lessons Steven P. Jobs imparted prior to his death without being trapped by his legacy and unable to adapt to future changes.Apple could try to remake TV technology next as it embarks on its future without its resident genius, Steven P. Jobs, who died Wednesday.Analysts say Apple's next major objective may be a technological makeover of the television industry, one of the few goals that eluded company's founder Steven P Jobs; industry is particularly ripe for shakeup because it has been slow to adapt to most technological innovations; photos (M)Most inventors and business leaders are lucky if they create one product that changes the way people do things. Steve Jobs helped create several. Which of his products had the greatest impact on you?This week's podcast focuses on the new iPhone 4S and Siri, its personal assistant software.This week's podcast focuses on the new iPhone 4S and Siri, its personal assistant software.Apple could try to remake TV technology next as it embarks on its future without its resident genius, Steven P. Jobs, who died Wednesday.Some reports have Apple finally introducing Siri's technology on the iPhone.Some reports have Apple finally introducing Siri's technology on the iPhone.Mr. Jobs helped usher in the era of the personal computer and led a cultural transformation in mobile communications and music for the digital age."