b"Steven P. Jobs, the leader who propelled Apple to its current heights, is known for many things, but he was not really a deal maker.Steven P. Jobs, the leader who propelled Apple to its current heights, is known for many things, but he was not really a deal maker.As Timothy D. Cook takes over as Apple\xe2\x80\x99s chief executive, followers of the company wonder how he will react to the spotlight and the scrutiny.Apple said that Steven P. Jobs, its co-founder and leading product visionary, would step down from the chief executive role. Tim Cook, the chief operating officer, will take over.Apple said that Steven P. Jobs, its co-founder and leading product visionary, would step down from the chief executive role. Tim Cook, the chief operating officer, will take over.Steven P. Jobs, one of the most successful chief executives in corporate history, once said he never thought of himself as a manager, but as a leader. And his notion of leadership revolved around choosing the best people possible, encouraging them...Apple is expected to face huge challenges without Steven P Jobs, who is stepping down as chief executive; Timothy Cook who is taking over the top job is an operations expert, not a product-design specialist; photo (M)No immediate changes to Apple products will be discernible with Mr. Jobs\xe2\x80\x99s departure, but questions may arise in the future.Steven P. Jobs, who has cancer, made Apple one of the world\xe2\x80\x99s most valuable companies. Timothy D. Cook will take over as chief executive.Robert Wright, left, of Bloggingheads.tv and Philip Elmer-DeWitt of Apple 2.0 debate Apple Inc.'s future.The visionary businessman broke all the rules at Apple, except his own.If Apple's set-top box does not prompt you to install an update, you can manually check to see if new software is available.If Apple's set-top box does not prompt you to install an update, you can manually check to see if new software is available.It's hard to imagine that we'll ever see another 15 years of blockbuster, culture-changing hits like the iMac, iPod, iPhone and iPad - from Apple or anyone else. And that's really, really sad.It's hard to imagine that we'll ever see another 15 years of blockbuster, culture-changing hits like the iMac, iPod, iPhone and iPad - from Apple or anyone else. And that's really, really sad."