b"J.C. Penney hopes that Ron Johnson, a man who rethought how to sell computers, can also rethink how to sell clothes, cosmetics and accessories.Apple and Facebook weren\xe2\x80\x99t at the Electronic Entertainment Expo even though they offer the game platforms enjoying the most explosive growth in the industry.Apple\xe2\x80\x99s changes to iTunes allow all iTunes-purchased music, apps and books to be shared across all your devices, no syncing required.Apple\xe2\x80\x99s changes to iTunes allow all iTunes-purchased music, apps and books to be shared across all your devices, no syncing required.It's well known that Steven P. Jobs, the chief executive of Apple, has had a hand in the design of just about everything Apple makes, including the Macs, MacBooks, iMacs, iPods, iTunes, iPhones, iPads and, now, the iCloud.     So we can only imagi...Bits blog; Apple unveils design for its new office building in Cupertino, Calif; photo (S)More than a year after the iPad went on sale, there is still no official Facebook app for it. That is about to change.More than a year after the iPad went on sale, there is still no official Facebook app for it. That is about to change.Apple agreed to make a one-time payment to Nokia and to pay regular royalties in the future to license some of Nokia\xe2\x80\x99s patents.Evolving beyond past success is a daunting task for all kinds of companies. I.B.M.\xe2\x80\x99s experience offers pointers for giants like Microsoft, Google and Apple.THE J. W. Hulme Company of St. Paul has been making high-quality leather and canvas goods since 1905. For a company best known for its outdoorsy bags for sport hunters, its newest undertaking, part of its American Heritage collection, is downright...J W Hulme Company introduces leather accessories for Apple computer products; photo (S)Weird Al Yankovic continues to find his way into the hearts and minds of America's youth, and this time there's nothing that Lady Gaga can do to stand in his way. On Wednesday, HarperCollins Children's Books said an application would be released f...HarperCollins will release mobile application based on Weird Al Yankovic's best-selling children's book When I Grow Up (S)A new free tool for consumers from Qualys called BrowserCheck makes sure your browser (and its plug-ins) are as up-to-date and protected from malware as possible.A new free tool for consumers from Qualys called BrowserCheck makes sure your browser (and its plug-ins) are as up-to-date and protected from malware as possible."