Apple will become the top PC maker in the world in the second half of next year, when iPad sales are factored into the equation, the research firm Canalys predicted in a new report. But to achieve that distinction, the firm said, Apple will need t...Apple will become the top PC maker in the world in the second half of next year, when iPad sales are factored into the equation, the research firm Canalys predicted in a new report. But to achieve that distinction, the firm said, Apple will need to release a new iPad that boosts sales.A Black Friday visit to the Apple Store in Palo Alto, Calif., offered a glimpse of the new technology Apple is using to speed purchases. A store employee demonstrated an internal application that can show the in-store location of a shopper who is ...A Black Friday visit to the Apple Store in Palo Alto, Calif., offered a glimpse of the new technology Apple is using to speed purchases. A store employee demonstrated an internal application that can show the in-store location of a shopper who is picking up a purchase.The United States Patent and Trademark Office in Alexandria, Va., recently unveiled an exhibit of 30 giant iPhone-like models honoring the inventions of the late Steve Jobs. Each iPhone model displays patents that list Mr. Jobs as inventor or co-i...The United States Patent and Trademark Office in Alexandria, Va., recently unveiled an exhibit of 30 giant iPhone-like models honoring the inventions of the late Steve Jobs. Each iPhone model displays patents that list Mr. Jobs as inventor or co-inventor.How to set up and use Apple's Find My Mac feature, new to Macs running OS X Lion.How to set up and use Apple's Find My Mac feature, new to Macs running OS X Lion.A new biography of Steve Jobs never fully addresses why he didn't want to have any connection with Abdulfattah Jandali, his biological father. An article in Seattle Met magazine says Mr. Jandali abandoned students on a study-abroad trip.A new biography of Steve Jobs never fully addresses why he didn't want to have any connection with Abdulfattah Jandali, his biological father. An article in Seattle Met magazine says Mr. Jandali abandoned students on a study-abroad trip.Apple will become the top PC maker in the world in the second half of next year, when iPad sales are factored into the equation, the research firm Canalys predicted in a new report.Apple will become the top PC maker in the world in the second half of next year, when iPad sales are factored into the equation, the research firm Canalys predicted in a new report.Although Samsung can't entice people to wait in line like Apple fans for a new phone, the company can fight back with advertising. Enter the new sure-to-go-viral video by Samsung: "Why Wait? The Next Big Thing Is Already Here." The ad pokes fun at...Although Samsung can't entice people to wait in line like Apple fans for a new phone, the company can fight back with advertising. Enter the new sure-to-go-viral video by Samsung: "Why Wait? The Next Big Thing Is Already Here." The ad pokes fun at Apple while showcasing the Samsung Galaxy S II, a 4G Android phone with a large 4.3-inch screen.Q.     Why won't Quicken for Mac 2007 work on Mac OS X 10.7 Lion? I want to upgrade to the new operating system, but I really need my Quicken.   Personal Tech Q&A on Quicken for Mac personal finance software. (M)Cellphone apps allow users to send greetings by e-mail, or create and mail paper cards by phone.Highlights presented of smartphone holiday greeting card apps.Several apps — some free, some costing up to $90 — offer analysis and tips for those who want to make informed bets on N.F.L. games.Bob Tedeschi App Smart column highlights apps that offer analysis and tips for those who want to make informed bets on professional football games.