Apple is said to be ready to introduce a new iPhone with an event on Sept. 12, according to a person with knowledge of Apple's plans.Apple is said to be ready to introduce a new iPhone with an event on Sept. 12, according to a person with knowledge of Apple's plans.Apple’s hallowed design process was the topic of the first witnesses the company called in its high-profile court case against Samsung over smartphone patents.Apple’s hallowed design process was the topic of the first witnesses the company called in its high-profile court case against Samsung over smartphone patents.Question: What would you do if you had $117 billion?     That's the challenge facing Tim Cook, Apple's chief, whose company's cash hoard keeps growing - by about $1 billion a week.  Andrew Ross Sorkin Dealbook column points out Apple chief executive Tim Cook has a cash supply of $117 billion, with an additional $1 billion accumulating weekly; contends that could buy a lot of useful technology, and presents a potential shopping list for company. (M)Should we just accept that when you buy a new computer, you should buy it for what it does now, and learn not to resent the fact that, inevitably, there will be better, faster, cheaper computers in the future?Should we just accept that when you buy a new computer, you should buy it for what it does now, and learn not to resent the fact that, inevitably, there will be better, faster, cheaper computers in the future?Tim Cook, Apple's chief executive, has a cash supply of $117 billion. That could buy a lot of useful technology.Tim Cook, Apple's chief executive, has a cash supply of $117 billion. That could buy a lot of useful technology.A new day of testimony in the dispute between Apple and Samsung began with a history lesson on the iPhone from Apple’s Philip W. Schiller.A new day of testimony in the dispute between Apple and Samsung began with a history lesson on the iPhone from Apple’s Philip W. Schiller.The Metropolitan Transportation Authority gave Apple an unfair advantage to place one of its retail stores in Grand Central Terminal by creating a bidding process that made it nearly impossible for anyone but Apple to be awarded the space, accordi...Report by the New York State comptroller's office shows that the Metropolitan Transportation Authority gave Apple an unfair advantage to place one of its retail stores in Grand Central Terminal by creating a bidding process that put other bidders at a disadvantage; MTA officials defend the agency's conduct accuse comptroller's office of overt bias against the MTA and Apple. (M)The audit criticized the Metropolitan Transportation Authority for a process that “was not a level playing field, was not fair to all potential bidders and was significantly slanted in Apple’s favor.”The audit criticized the Metropolitan Transportation Authority for a process that “was not a level playing field, was not fair to all potential bidders and was significantly slanted in Apple’s favor.”They are not infallible design geniuses at Apple. Its MagSafe connector used to be a design marvel and a joy to use. Then Apple made it worse. It's now annoying and useless.They are not infallible design geniuses at Apple. Its MagSafe connector used to be a design marvel and a joy to use. Then Apple made it worse. It's now annoying and useless.When Apple acquired AuthenTec last week, neither company issued a statement or a news release on the deal, which underscores the hard bargaining tactics of the technology giant.When Apple acquired AuthenTec last week, neither company issued a statement or a news release on the deal, which underscores the hard bargaining tactics of the technology giant.