b"If Apple loses the legal case filed against it and book publishers on Wednesday over e-book pricing, will it be deeply wounded in its growing rivalry with Amazon?      Not likely, analysts say.   Bits blog; analysts say if Apple loses the Justice Department's lawsuit filed against it and book publishers over e-book pricing, it is not likely to be wounded in its growing rivalry with Amazon. Photo (M)Q.     Q. I just bought the new third-generation iPad. I had an iPod Touch and synced it to iTunes on a PC. How do I transfer photos and videos I took with the iPod onto the new iPad?  Personal Tech Q&A on transferring photos and videos from an iPod onto the new iPad. (M)/The report, by Greenpeace, singled out Apple as a leader in the drive for cheap coal-fired energy to power giant data centers.Greenpeace report says that the infrastructure that supports the Internet, online commerce and nearly all corporate data services is increasingly moving facilities to regions where the main sources of energy are coal and nuclear power in a relentless drive for cheap energy prices; singles out Apple as one of the movement's leaders in the use of nonrenewable sources.Some fear that a price-fixing lawsuit might give Amazon a pass to offer discounts that could put its competitors out of business.Eduardo Porter Economic Scene column on how the Justice Department's price-fixing suit against Apple and the nation's top publishers will affect the nascent electronic book market; says that there is a belief that the suit will free Amazon to offer discounts that could put its competitors out of business, essentially creating a monopoly over the book market, but result will more likely be increased competition, something the media industry has long tried to limit.Readers discuss e-book pricing and the future of publishing.Sunday Dialogue on e-book pricing and the future of publishing.A clip from \xe2\x80\x9cThe Apple Pushers,\xe2\x80\x9d a film written and directed by Mary Mazzio, narrated by Edward Norton.Recent privacy controversies for Google and other Internet companies show the pains of an industry intent on changing the world.News analysis; Google once proclaimed 'Don't be evil' as its unofficial company motto, but privacy controversies for the company and other Internet firms illustrate the difficulty of building technologies that produce an entirely new kind of culture; if tech is building a new culture, with new senses of the private and the shared, the failure of overstepping boundaries is also the only way to learn how far those boundaries have shifted.Update: Added Honeywell's response to Nest Lab's court filing on Thursday.     The next front in the high-stakes, high-tech patent wars after smartphones? Thermostats.  Bits blog; Nest Labs is rebutting a patent-infringement suit by Honeywell over its digital 'learning' thermostat; Honeywell says Nest's thermostat design and functions infringe on seven patents. (M)Sales of Windows to consumers declined, but big businesses picked up the slack, Microsoft announced, with its earnings beating estimates by analysts expecting a drop.Microsoft says sales of Windows to consumers declined, but big businesses picked up the slack, with sales up 4 percent in the most recent quarter; reports profit of $5.11 billion, or 60 cents a share, down from $5.23 billion billion, or 61 cents a share, in year-ago quarter; revenue rose to $17.41 billion, from $16.43 billion a year ago.The technology reporters and editors of The New York Times scour the Web for important and peculiar items. Friday's selection includes concerns about the greater numbers of male editors vs. female editors on Wikipedia, Canadians suing Apple and pu...The technology reporters and editors of The New York Times scour the Web for important and peculiar items. Friday's selection includes concerns about the greater numbers of male editors vs. female editors on Wikipedia, Canadians suing Apple and publishers and accusing them of fixing prices and a look at the scant evidence of employers asking job applicants for Facebook passwords."