b"Apple wants students to bid farewell to the days of lugging around backpacks full of heavy textbooks, and to welcome the iPad tablet as their new all-in-one reading device. It announced iBooks 2, an app that will support electronic textbooks that ...Apple wants students to bid farewell to the days of lugging around backpacks full of heavy textbooks, and to welcome the iPad tablet as their new all-in-one reading device. It announced iBooks 2, an app that will support electronic textbooks that can display interactive diagrams, audio and video.9:02 p.m. | Updated      Apple wants students to stop lugging around backpacks full of heavy textbooks and to switch to the iPad instead.  Apple introduces free software including iBooks 2, from which students can download textbooks; iBooks Author is a Macintosh program for creating textbooks and other books; iTunes U is an app for instructors to create digital curricula and share course materials with students. Photo (M)Building Apple\xe2\x80\x99s iPhone in the United States would demand much more than hiring Americans \xe2\x80\x94 it would require transforming the national and global economies.According to a new research report from Nielsen, there were so many purchases of iPhones around the holidays that Apple sharply whittled down the market share lead of Android smartphones in the United States by the end of the year. In December, le...According to a new research report from Nielsen, there were so many purchases of iPhones around the holidays that Apple sharply whittled down the market share lead of Android smartphones in the United States by the end of the year. In December, less than three percentage points separated the share of Android devices and iPhones among new smartphone owners.Apple - and many of its high-technology peers - are not nearly as avid in creating American jobs as other famous companies were in their heydays.Apple - and many of its high-technology peers - are not nearly as avid in creating American jobs as other famous companies were in their heydays.Apple announced iBooks 2, an app that will support electronic textbooks that can display interactive diagrams, audio and video.Apple announced iBooks 2, an app that will support electronic textbooks that can display interactive diagrams, audio and video.Apple's iPhone is a model of American ingenuity, but most of its components are manufactured somewhere else. The decline of manufacturing can lead to the loss of other kinds of jobs, a factor in the American economy right now.Apple's iPhone is a model of American ingenuity, but most of its components are manufactured somewhere else. The decline of manufacturing can lead to the loss of other kinds of jobs, a factor in the American economy right now.Apple's free book-creation tool, iBooks Author, seemed too good to be true: it gives anyone the ability to lay out an interactive book, slap it up for sale in Apple's iBooks Store and ideally make a quick buck. But people have noticed that they ar...Apple's free book-creation tool, iBooks Author, seemed too good to be true: it gives anyone the ability to lay out an interactive book, slap it up for sale in Apple's iBooks Store and ideally make a quick buck. But people have noticed that they are not allowed to sell these books outside Apple's store.Apple\xe2\x80\x99s iPhone is a model of American ingenuity, but most of its components are manufactured somewhere else, leading to the decline of other kinds of jobs.Apple has announced ambitious plans to reinvent the textbook market -- something that Amazon tried to do three years ago. While Apple may have better luck, it wants total control over the how the books are sold. The two goals may be difficult to r...Apple has announced ambitious plans to reinvent the textbook market -- something that Amazon tried to do three years ago. While Apple may have better luck, it wants total control over the how the books are sold. The two goals may be difficult to reconcile."