Her songs have built Fiona Apple, whose new album is partly titled “The Idler Wheel,” an audience that follows her intently, with both admiration and concern.Fiona Apple's releases her much-delayed new album The Idler Wheel to an eager audience that has followed her intently, with both admiration and concern.Tim Cook, Apple's chief executive, took the stage at a tech conference and said very little. But the audience listened anyway for the clues in what he didn't say about product plans. But Mr. Cook did speak more candidly about his relationship with...Tim Cook, Apple's chief executive, took the stage at a tech conference and said very little. But the audience listened anyway for the clues in what he didn't say about product plans. But Mr. Cook did speak more candidly about his relationship with Steve Jobs and about his approach to succeeding the Apple co-founder as chief executive.Steven P. Jobs died nearly eight months ago, but the technology industry is not ready to let him go. At a technology conference where he frequently spoke, his close friends -- and those whose lives intersected with his -- spoke of him fondly.Steven P. Jobs died nearly eight months ago, but the technology industry is not ready to let him go. At a technology conference where he frequently spoke, his close friends -- and those whose lives intersected with his -- spoke of him fondly.The Samsung Galaxy Player 4.2 is the best in its family, and has much to like in a more open and expandable machine than the iPod Touch.The Samsung Galaxy Player 4.2 is the best in its family, and has much to like in a more open and expandable machine than the iPod Touch.David Pogue State of the Art column opines that the Samsung Galaxy Player 4.2 is the best in its family, and has much to like in a more open and expandable machine than the iPod Touch. Photos, Drawing (M)Mike Daisey was last seen apologizing for exaggerations and falsehoods in his influential one-man show "The Agony and Ecstasy of Steve Jobs" about the working conditions at the Chinese factories that make many Apple devices. This week he introduce...Mike Daisey was last seen apologizing for exaggerations and falsehoods in his influential one-man show "The Agony and Ecstasy of Steve Jobs" about the working conditions at the Chinese factories that make many Apple devices. This week he introduced another Apple-centric performance, with unwilling co-stars the journalists who run the technology news site All Things D.The performer, who admits fabricating parts of his own reporting on working conditions in China, attacked the All Things D conference for going easy on Apple's Tim Cook.The performer, who admits fabricating parts of his own reporting on working conditions in China, attacked the All Things D conference for going easy on Apple's Tim Cook.Camera apps for your smartphone include comprehensive editing suites and whimsical tools that can put beards on dogs or turn your photos into cartoons.Arriva, which produced a set of behind-the-head earbuds for the iPod Shuffle, has a new gadget with Bluetooth.Arriva, which produced a set of behind-the-head earbuds for the iPod Shuffle, has a new gadget with Bluetooth.Camera apps for your smartphone include comprehensive editing suites and whimsical tools that can put beards on dogs or turn your photos into cartoons.Roundup of smartphone applications that allow users to edit and stylize digital photographs.