b"Apple was granted a design patent this week after arguing that its page turn was unique in that it had a special type of animation other page-turn applications had been unable to create.Apple was granted a design patent this week after arguing that its page turn was unique in that it had a special type of animation other page-turn applications had been unable to create.Critics agree that the iPad Mini is a perfect form-factor, but argue that the iPad Biggie, the larger version with the retina display, is the perfect screen resolution. So which one do you buy?Critics agree that the iPad Mini is a perfect form-factor, but argue that the iPad Biggie, the larger version with the retina display, is the perfect screen resolution. So which one do you buy?Metropolitan Diary: An iPhone user describes some horrors when trying to use Apple's new map application for a Manhattan address.Metropolitan Diary: An iPhone user describes some horrors when trying to use Apple's new map application for a Manhattan address.An accumulation of run-ins with other company leaders led to Steven Sinofsky\xe2\x80\x99s departure, according to several current and former Microsoft executives.Steven Sinofsky's abrasive management style and run-ins with current and former Microsoft executives is said to have contributed to his sudden departure from the company as head of Windows, despite his reputation as a brilliant leader.Apple\xe2\x80\x99s settlement of an Android-related lawsuit could be a sign that its chief wants to end the distraction of patent fights, but it does not necessarily portend a similar agreement with Samsung.Apple and Android smartphone maker HTC announce agreement to dismiss series of lawsuits filed against each other in feud that has mounted for over two years; settlement may be sign that Apple wants to end the distraction of numerous patent fights, but it does not necessarily portend similar agreement with chief rival Samsung.TimesCast Media+Tech: The abrupt departure of Microsoft\xe2\x80\x99s Steven Sinofsky. | David Pogue reviews fitness bands in 60 seconds. | Integrating technology into the way children play.You do not need Apple's iPhoto program to easily make professionally printed books from your own picture albums.You do not need Apple's iPhoto program to easily make professionally printed books from your own picture albums.Hoping to create the next smash-hit app? If you\xe2\x80\x99re starting from scratch, you\xe2\x80\x99ll need a crash course in programming, and probably a healthy marketing budget, to get noticed.Apple has shut down one front in what Steven P. Jobs once described as a thermonuclear legal war against Android, Google's mobile operating system. But a wider truce in the patent battles engulfing the mobile industry is most likely still a long w...Apple has shut down one front in what Steven P. Jobs once described as a thermonuclear legal war against Android, Google's mobile operating system. But a wider truce in the patent battles engulfing the mobile industry is most likely still a long way off, Nick Wingfield reports in Monday's New York Times.J.C. Penney reported last week that its sales had fallen 26.1 percent in the most recent quarter, but Ronald B. Johnson, its chief executive, promoted the success of the company's store renovation plan.J.C. Penney reported last week that its sales had fallen 26.1 percent in the most recent quarter, but Ronald B. Johnson, its chief executive, promoted the success of the company's store renovation plan."