From now until Apple introduces the new iPhone, expected to be Sept. 12, consumers are likely to get the best prices online for their old phones.From now until Apple introduces the new iPhone, expected to be Sept. 12, consumers are likely to get the best prices online for their old phones.Judge Lucy Koh warned that both sides faced risks if an intellectual property suit was handed to a federal jury.Federal District Court Judge Lucy Koh, presiding over an intellectual property dispute between Apple and Samsung Electronics, warns that both sides face risks if the suit is handed to a jury; says the chief executives of the two firms should talk again.A new robot from Double Robotics, called the Double, is an ultra-simple telepresence robot that can navigate a far-off place through the Apple iPad.A new robot from Double Robotics, called the Double, is an ultra-simple telepresence robot that can navigate a far-off place through the Apple iPad.Q. Can a wireless router go bad? I have to restart mine at least once a day to restore my Internet connection. Should I just get a new one?A. The reliability and performance of a network router can degrade over time. Other factors, like out-of-dat...Personal Tech Q&A column on fixing a deteriorating router, sorting accounts with Microsoft, and Notifications settings on the iPad, iPhone or iPod Touch. (M)ÿSamsung’s new iPad rival, the Galaxy Note 10.1, is loaded with features, but not all are well organized or practical.David Pogue State of the Art column observes that Samsung’s new iPad rival, the Galaxy Note 10.1, is loaded with features, but not all are well organized or practical; notes it is designed to favor horizontal use, and its stylus can be used like pen on paper or like a computer mouse.A new wave of robots is replacing workers in both manufacturing and distribution.A professional clown who played music on an iPad as he made balloon animals said on Friday that he had no idea his friend had snatched the tablet from the home of Steve Jobs.Kenneth Kahn, a professional clown, says that he had no idea that the iPad on which he plays music had been snatched by his friend Kariem McFarlin from the home of Steve Jobs.Bank of America's new check deposit app balked at a hand-written, personal check.Bank of America's new check deposit app balked at a hand-written, personal check.If you're thinking about selling your iPhone so you can use the money to buy Apple's new smartphone when it comes out, better act fast. From now until Apple introduces the new iPhone, expected to be Sept. 12, consumers are likely to get the best p...If you're thinking about selling your iPhone so you can use the money to buy Apple's new smartphone when it comes out, better act fast. From now until Apple introduces the new iPhone, expected to be Sept. 12, consumers are likely to get the best prices online for their old phones, according Gazelle, a Web site that buys old iPhones and other gadgets and resells themA billboard in Manhattan leads off a campaign for Stride Mintacular gum, mimicking Apple’s dominant typeface: “Chewing redefined. Again.”Andrew Adam Newman Advertising column highlights campaign for Kraft's Stride Mintacular gum.