b"Apple sent invitations on Tuesday to members of the media for an event next week where it is expected to introduce a smaller version of the iPad.Apple sent invitations on Tuesday to members of the media for an event next week where it is expected to introduce a smaller version of the iPad.The Court of Appeal in Britain backed a judgment that the Samsung Galaxy tablet computer was \xe2\x80\x9cnot as cool\xe2\x80\x9d as the Apple iPad, and therefore did not infringe on Apple\xe2\x80\x99s rights.Court of Appeal in Britain backs a judgment that the Samsung Galaxy tablet computer is 'not as cool' as the Apple iPad, and therefore does not infringe on Apple\xe2\x80\x99s rights.The Apple Media Event invitations have been sent out. Twitter is abuzz with excitement and speculation over what they mean. Here is one reading of it.The Apple Media Event invitations have been sent out. Twitter is abuzz with excitement and speculation over what they mean. Here is one reading of it.Instead of adopting Amazon\xe2\x80\x99s lower pricing on the Kindle Fire, Microsoft said the Surface would start at $500, the same as Apple\xe2\x80\x99s iPad.Instead of adopting Amazon\xe2\x80\x99s lower pricing on the Kindle Fire, Microsoft said the Surface would start at $500, the same as Apple\xe2\x80\x99s iPad.The most popular apps in the Apple store are popular for a reason. Here are three of the best for a dollar each.The most popular apps in the Apple store are popular for a reason. Here are three of the best for a dollar each.Both Windows and Mac OS X can provide a hint for the computer's password.Both Windows and Mac OS X can provide a hint for the computer's password.Apple is widely expected to introduce a smaller, cheaper version of its iPad on Tuesday, perhaps in response to the crop of seven-inch tablets that have emerged from competitors in the last year. But how are those tablets doing anyway?Apple is widely expected to introduce a smaller, cheaper version of its iPad on Tuesday, perhaps in response to the crop of seven-inch tablets that have emerged from competitors in the last year. But how are those tablets doing anyway?Free apps, converted files or online storage folders let you read Microsoft Word files on an iPad.Free apps, converted files or online storage folders let you read Microsoft Word files on an iPad.The impact of the mobile wave rolling across the technology industry is the underlying theme seen not only in Google's seemingly disappointing earnings, but in a recent string of company and industry reports.The impact of the mobile wave rolling across the technology industry is the underlying theme seen not only in Google's seemingly disappointing earnings, but in a recent string of company and industry reports.If a gadget breaks, gets lost or is stolen, it makes sense to replace it. But deciding whether to abandon an older device that still works for a newer, shinier one is tougher.Brian Lam Tool Kit column examines when and if it makes sense to upgrade and replace gadgets like smartphones and computers that are neither broken nor lost."