b"Apple executives on Wednesday unveiled the company\xe2\x80\x99s new iPhone, calling it the \xe2\x80\x9cthinnest phone ever made.\xe2\x80\x9dApple executives on Wednesday unveiled the company\xe2\x80\x99s new iPhone, calling it the \xe2\x80\x9cthinnest phone ever made.\xe2\x80\x9dThe new version also requires a new connector cord \xe2\x80\x94 and a new adapter to make it work with existing accessories.Apple unveils its new iPhone 5, with a larger, four-inch screen, faster wireless Internet speeds and a more powerful chip than its previous iPhone 4S; it is 18 percent thinner and 20 percent lighter.An analysis of Apple's patent filings offer a look at the company's long-term ambitions for the iPhone. The report by Thomson Reuters points, for example, to a miniature fuel-cell as a power source that could keep an iPhone going for days or weeks...An analysis of Apple's patent filings offer a look at the company's long-term ambitions for the iPhone. The report by Thomson Reuters points, for example, to a miniature fuel-cell as a power source that could keep an iPhone going for days or weeks without recharging.Bigger screen, longer battery life, more sophisticated camera, better sound. Overall, Apple seems to have put its focus on the important things you want in an app phone.Bigger screen, longer battery life, more sophisticated camera, better sound. Overall, Apple seems to have put its focus on the important things you want in an app phone.The iPhone 5 has a new connector on the phone\xe2\x80\x99s base that instantly renders all accessories and chargers obsolete. An adapter that will work with many, but not all, current accessories starts at $30.Apple's new iPhone 5 has a new connector on phone\xe2\x80\x99s base, called the Lightning port, that instantly renders all accessories and chargers obsolete; adapter that will work with many, but not all, current accessories starts at $30; connector could be a boon to the hundreds of companies that sell accessories for iPhones and iPads.YouTube lost its prime real estate on the next version of the iPhone, where it has been on the home screen since 2007. In response, YouTube released a new app in the App Store.YouTube lost its prime real estate on the next version of the iPhone, where it has been on the home screen since 2007. In response, YouTube released a new app in the App Store.The  iPhone  5 has plenty of new features to keep  Apple  fans happy. But there is one feature Apple unveiled on Wednesday that is likely to annoy many: a new connector on the phone's base.   The Lightning port, as Apple calls it, is smaller and s...Apple's new iPhone 5 has a new connector on phone's base, called the Lightning port, that instantly renders all accessories and chargers obsolete; adapter that will work with many, but not all, current accessories starts at $30; connector could be a boon to the hundreds of companies that sell accessories for iPhones and iPads. Photos (M)Based on the accuracy of those Apple rumors leading up to the iPhone event, it doesn't look like the company's effort to double down on secrecy is possible.Based on the accuracy of those Apple rumors leading up to the iPhone event, it doesn't look like the company's effort to double down on secrecy is possible.Apple introduces the iPhone 5. | Bionic suits help paraplegics walk again. | Nostalgic apps.Apple's iPhone 5 got bigger than its predecessor, and some wonder why the company didn't make room for a technology called near-field communications (N.F.C.), which enables devices to exchange information wirelessly over very short distances. It a...Apple's iPhone 5 got bigger than its predecessor, and some wonder why the company didn't make room for a technology called near-field communications (N.F.C.), which enables devices to exchange information wirelessly over very short distances. It appears that Apple chose beauty over added functions with its aluminum-and-glass phone."