The Touchfire iPad keyboard is a transparent, flexible, squishable, silicone membrane, weighing less than an ounce. The Touchfire's surface is molded into the shape of keys so you can type on the tablet screen with ease.The Touchfire iPad keyboard is a transparent, flexible, squishable, silicone membrane, weighing less than an ounce. The Touchfire's surface is molded into the shape of keys so you can type on the tablet screen with ease.Samsung had been seeking injunctions in a number of countries, contending that Apple had infringed on its patents. Pressure from Europe may have contributed to the decision.Samsung says it has dropped its request for a ban on sales of certain Apple phones and tablet computers in Europe, sharp tactical turn in patent war between the two companies.The United States Patent and Trademark Office has declared that one of the patents that helped Apple win $1.05 billion in damages against Samsung should not have been granted.United States Patent and Trademark Office deals blow to Apple in its legal battle with Samsung Electronics over smartphone patents, declaring that a patent that helped Apple win $1.05 billion in damages against Samsung should not have been granted.As 2013 approaches, an update on some topics from 2012: the success of “The Voice,” a North Carolina businessman’s stand for gay marriage and whither Apple?James B Stewart Common Sense column offers year-end updates on Apple's recent troubles with investors, NBC's rising standing in the network ratings, thanks in large part to The Voice singing competition, and North Carolina businessman Bob Page's stand for gay marriage.If too much time at the computer is making your body hurt, see a doctor and then explore other ways to work more comfortably.If too much time at the computer is making your body hurt, see a doctor and then explore other ways to work more comfortably.With a free app called Addappt, if a person edits his own contact information, it will automatically update in his friends’ address books.With a free app called Addappt, if a person edits his own contact information, it will automatically update in his friends’ address books.The Center for Digital Democracy, an advocacy group in Washington, says SpongeBob Diner Dash collected personal information about children without obtaining parental consent. The Nickelodeon network, which carries the SpongeBob SquarePants show, t...The Center for Digital Democracy, an advocacy group in Washington, says SpongeBob Diner Dash collected personal information about children without obtaining parental consent. The Nickelodeon network, which carries the SpongeBob SquarePants show, temporarily removed the app from the Apple App Store on Monday.The company said that James E. Meyer, its president of operations, would become interim chief executive officer as Liberty Media completes its takeover.The company said that James E. Meyer, its president of operations, would become interim chief executive officer as Liberty Media completes its takeover.T-Mobile has said it will start selling Apple products in 2013, but will stop underwriting the cost of phones with its contracts. Is getting a $650 iPhone from T-Mobile a good deal? It can be - especially for heavy data users.T-Mobile has said it will start selling Apple products in 2013, but will stop underwriting the cost of phones with its contracts. Is getting a $650 iPhone from T-Mobile a good deal? It can be - especially for heavy data users.The Federal Trade Commission said it was moving to keep pace with the growing use of mobile devices and technological advances like behavior-based advertising.