The new iPad has a high-definition screen, faster wireless connection and several other refinements for the same price as the old one, $499.The iPad, considered a side business for Apple when it was introduced in 2010, accounted for $9.15 billion in revenue in the holiday quarter, about 20 percent of Apple’s total revenue.The American sweatshop opposition movement was born the day we discovered how our Nikes were stitched together. Two decades later, we are discovering how our cherished iPhones are made, giving Apple a ''Nike moment'' of its own.      Worker suicid...Eduardo Porter Economic Scene column comments on consumer pressure that led Apple to make some changes in labor practices that labor activists called abusive and that contrasted with company's public image, the allure of its coveted products, and its huge profits; says outcry raises a more important question of whether or not pressure by consumers and governments in the West actually improves conditions. Photo (M)Is it time to boycott Apple? Sweatshop opposition in the past offers limited hope, but consumer pressure has already led Apple to make some big changes.Eduardo Porter Economic Scene column comments on consumer pressure that led Apple to make some changes in labor practices that labor activists called abusive and that contrasted with company's public image, the allure of its coveted products, and its huge profits; says outcry raises a more important question of whether or not pressure by consumers and governments in the West actually improves conditions.In an effort to show its benefit to the American job market, Apple on Friday published the results of a study it commissioned saying that it had “created or supported” 514,000 American jobs.Another deadline approaches for Greece to stave off an economic default; Apple’s strategy to keep market share with the new iPad; Silicon Valley lends its computing muscle to gene sequencing.The personal technology editor for The New York Times discusses what's new with the latest version of Apple's iPad, which goes on sale in mid-March.There are three kinds of Apple product events. Today's unveiling of the iPad was a Plumbing Event. The Plumbing Events is, like most things regarding infrastructure, the least glamorous, but also the most important.There are three kinds of Apple product events. Today's unveiling of the iPad was a Plumbing Event. The Plumbing Events is, like most things regarding infrastructure, the least glamorous, but also the most important.What we saw on Wednesday with Apple was a Plumbing Event. And the thing about Plumbing Events is, like most things regarding infrastructure, they are the least glamorous, but also the most important.What we saw on Wednesday with Apple was a Plumbing Event. And the thing about Plumbing Events is, like most things regarding infrastructure, they are the least glamorous, but also the most important.The new iPad will be Apple's first mobile device compatible with so-called fourth-generation LTE networks. The introduction of this feature will help Apple buck Android competition, but its main impact will be on the carriers as they build out the...The new iPad will be Apple's first mobile device compatible with so-called fourth-generation LTE networks. The introduction of this feature will help Apple buck Android competition, but its main impact will be on the carriers as they build out the advanced network. The biggest potential loser may be Sprint.