b'According to Canalys, a tech research firm, robust holiday sales of the iPad catapulted Apple ahead of Hewlett-Packard to make it the top PC company in the fourth quarter.According to Canalys, a tech research firm, robust holiday sales of the iPad catapulted Apple ahead of Hewlett-Packard to make it the top PC company in the fourth quarter.John Browett, the chief executive officer of Dixons Retail, a British electronics chain, will oversee Apple\'s stores as its senior vice president for retail.John Browett, the chief executive officer of Dixons Retail, a British electronics chain, will oversee Apple\'s stores as its senior vice president for retail.John Browett will leave the large British electronics retailer to run the U.S. company\'s successful retail operation in what is expected to be a global sales push.Apple looked outside the company for an executive to run its growing chain of Apple stores with the hiring of John Browett, the chief executive of one of Europe\'s largest electronics sellers, Dixons Retail.     Starting in April, Mr. Browett, 48, ...Apple hires John Browett, chief executive of British electronics chain Dixons Retail, as its senior vice president for retail; outside hire of Browett ends a search to replace Ron Johnson, who left Apple in 2011 to become the chief executive of J C Penney. Photo (M)2Q.     Some of the thumbnail pictures in my Mac\'s iPhoto program are gray boxes. Are these pictures corrupted or gone?   Personal Tech Q&A on getting the gray out of Mac\'s iPhoto program; tip of the week on built-in feature in Windows Vista and Windows 7 that measures the hardware\'s capability. (S)When Apple introduced iMessage, a service that lets people with its mobile devices send each other free text messages over data networks, many analysts predicted that it would take a substantial bite out of the profits that text messages generate ...Bits blog notes standard texting seems to have declined since Apple introduced iMessage, service that lets people with its mobile devices send each other text messages over data networks; points out carriers are seeing the profit potential of data-based services and applications. Photo (M)0A lot of Web video viewing is the entertainment equivalent of snacking - bite-size sessions that last no more than a few minutes. A San Francisco start-up called Remixation is trying to change that with an app for the iPad called Showyou.A lot of Web video viewing is the entertainment equivalent of snacking - bite-size sessions that last no more than a few minutes. A San Francisco start-up called Remixation is trying to change that with an app for the iPad called Showyou.According to Canalys, a tech research firm, robust holiday sales of the iPad catapulted Apple ahead of Hewlett-Packard to make it the top PC company in the fourth quarter.According to Canalys, a tech research firm, robust holiday sales of the iPad catapulted Apple ahead of Hewlett-Packard to make it the top PC company in the fourth quarter.Although BlackBerry is a must-have accessory for the growing business class in the developing economies of the world and RIM is adding customers there at a healthy clip, the company faces a problem in its established markets. Businesses are lookin...Although BlackBerry is a must-have accessory for the growing business class in the developing economies of the world and RIM is adding customers there at a healthy clip, the company faces a problem in its established markets. Businesses are looking for another option besides the BlackBerry. Apple is making its push into the enterprise. But analysts think that Samsung\'s Android phone are in the best position to profit.Blue Rider Press has acquired "Siri & Me," a new work of fiction by David Milgrim, about a 29-year-old writer and blogger who falls in love with the woman living inside his iPhone.Blue Rider Press has acquired "Siri & Me," a new work of fiction by David Milgrim, about a 29-year-old writer and blogger who falls in love with the woman living inside his iPhone.'