The Metropolitan Transportation Authority unveiled the app to provide real-time information for six of the system's numbered lines and the 42nd Street shuttle.The Metropolitan Transportation Authority unveiled the app to provide real-time information for six of the system's numbered lines and the 42nd Street shuttle.The Fair Labor Association assesses and monitors labor practices at manufacturing plants and recommends improvements. After Apple joined in January, the F.L.A. inspected three huge Foxconn factories in China that make iPads, iPhones and other devi...Shifts in how Apple deals with manufacturers like Foxconn have convinced executives at other electronics companies that they must also overhaul how they interact with foreign plants and workers, Keith Bradsher and Charles Duhigg report on Thursday...Shifts in how Apple deals with manufacturers like Foxconn have convinced executives at other electronics companies that they must also overhaul how they interact with foreign plants and workers, Keith Bradsher and Charles Duhigg report on Thursday in The New York Times.The FileVault encryption feature of Apple's Mac OS X operating systems has evolved over the years. The newer version, FileVault 2, can now encrypt the entire startup disk instead of just the Home directory.The FileVault encryption feature of Apple's Mac OS X operating systems has evolved over the years. The newer version, FileVault 2, can now encrypt the entire startup disk instead of just the Home directory.Apple filed documents with regulators revealing that its chief executive, Timothy D. Cook, took what might look like a significant pay cut in 2012. But the giant stock package Mr. Cook received last year will vest over 10 years.Apple filed documents with regulators revealing that its chief executive, Timothy D. Cook, took what might look like a significant pay cut in 2012. But the giant stock package Mr. Cook received last year will vest over 10 years.How to sell your own e-book using Apple's iBooks Author software.How to sell your own e-book using Apple's iBooks Author software.Negative attention has caused Foxconn, Apple’s chief supplier in China, to improve working conditions at its factories. But safety remains a big concern.Editorial applauds first steps made by Apple and Foxconn to improve working conditions at their factories in China, including reduction in work hours and wage increases; acknowledges that changes are tentative and safety concerns remain, but maintains that they are positive first move in long process.Harman has released the JBL OnBeat Micro speaker dock, which features the must-have Apple Lightning connector, but not much else.Harman has released the JBL OnBeat Micro speaker dock, which features the must-have Apple Lightning connector, but not much else.If it were not for a jump in the number of Apple products stolen, New York City crime would be down this year, officials said.If it were not for a jump in the number of Apple products stolen, New York City crime would be down this year, officials said.Several companies make smartphones with bigger icons and simplified home screens designed to appeal to the nontechnical user.Several companies make smartphones with bigger icons and simplified home screens designed to appeal to the nontechnical user.