9:19 p.m. | Updated      The Justice Department jumped directly into the fight over the future of digital books on Wednesday - and Amazon came out the winner.  Justice Department sues Apple and five of the largest book publishers, filing an antitrust lawsuit charging that the companies colluded to raise the price of e-books; action could lower industry prices and shift the expanding market in Amazon's favor. Photo (M)/The country’s patent laws are conducive to blocking competitors while legal skirmishes play out in the courtroom.Microsoft's decision to move its European logistics and distribution headquarters to the Netherlands from Germany spurs debate over patent law in Germany, where it is easy to block the sale of a rival's product even before an infringement claim is played out in court; patent lawsuits in Germany among technology companies are increasing, often claiming violations of patents of globally recognized technology standards and seeking to exploit the German system for strategic advantage.If e-book prices plummet as a result of the lawsuit by the Justice Department, the financial impact on Apple will likely be small, analysts say.If e-book prices plummet as a result of the lawsuit by the Justice Department, the financial impact on Apple will likely be small, analysts say.Is Apple doing enough to protect parents' wallets from their own children? That seems to be the debate that has been brewing in a year-old lawsuit related to iPhone apps and the purchasing mechanisms inside them. After parents type in their passwo...Is Apple doing enough to protect parents' wallets from their own children? That seems to be the debate that has been brewing in a year-old lawsuit related to iPhone apps and the purchasing mechanisms inside them. After parents type in their password to the App Store, children have a window to keep buying stuff.9:45 p.m. | Updated to reflect the version published in the print edition.     Apple's rivals are quick to say how much better, faster, cheaper or more popular their smartphones, computers and tablets are.  Nick Bilton Disruptions column; Apple has announced that it will use the Fair Labor Association independent auditor to address criticism of working conditions in overseas factories it uses to produce its products, specifically those of Foxconn; makers of other devices are less open to talk about their factories and supply chains. (M)/Apple’s former patent chief, Richard Lutton Jr., has joined Nest Labs, a hot Silicon Valley start-up, which has developed a sleek, energy-saving digital thermostat.Apple’s former patent chief, Richard Lutton Jr., has joined Nest Labs, a hot Silicon Valley start-up, which has developed a sleek, energy-saving digital thermostat.In a letter to Illumina's shareholders, Roche's chief executive, Severin Schwan, said there were few parallels between the iPhone maker and the genetic analysis provider, despite statements from the board that suggest otherwise.In a letter to Illumina's shareholders, Roche's chief executive, Severin Schwan, said there were few parallels between the iPhone maker and the genetic analysis provider, despite statements from the board that suggest otherwise.The Justice Department filed an antitrust lawsuit charging that Apple and others colluded to raise the price of e-books in 2010. Several publishers have agreed to a settlement.The Justice Department filed an antitrust lawsuit charging that Apple and others colluded to raise the price of e-books in 2010. Several publishers have agreed to a settlement.The U.S. Justice Department is suing Apple and five leading book publishers, charging they colluded to raise the price of e-books. The action could lower the price of digital books and shift the expanding market in Amazon's favor. The government s...The U.S. Justice Department is suing Apple and five leading book publishers, charging they colluded to raise the price of e-books. The action could lower the price of digital books and shift the expanding market in Amazon's favor. The government said publishing executives had hatched their plans "in private rooms for dinner in upscale Manhattan restaurants" and issued orders to "double-delete" e-mails about their alleged plot.AT&T will allow people to unlock their iPhones, which would mean that the phone could be used on other GSM networks.AT&T will allow people to unlock their iPhones, which would mean that the phone could be used on other GSM networks.