David Pogue learned a lot at the Apple Worldwide Developers' Conference presentation Monday. He lays it all out here, including news about Airport Express and two photo programs.David Pogue learned a lot at the Apple Worldwide Developers' Conference presentation Monday. He lays it all out here, including news about Airport Express and two photo programs.In its keynote at the Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco, Apple took the wraps off enough new features and products to cover a mummy parade. Here are some further reflections on the MacBook Air, iOS 6 and Mountain Lion.In its keynote at the Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco, Apple took the wraps off enough new features and products to cover a mummy parade. Here are some further reflections on the MacBook Air, iOS 6 and Mountain Lion.A new feature on the iPhone moves Apple closer to the mobile wallet business by storing digital payment options and loyalty cards in one handy application.A new feature on the iPhone moves Apple closer to the mobile wallet business by storing digital payment options and loyalty cards in one handy application.The company’s high-end laptop computer, the MacBook Pro, will have a high-resolution “retina display” like the one on the screens of new iPads and iPhones.Apple introduces a new version of its mobile operating system for iPhones and iPads that brings a host of new features; system updates its ultralight MacBook Air laptop and its high-end MacBook Pro.During its presentation on Monday, Apple highlighted features that it made just for China. It shows just how important that market has become for the company.During its presentation on Monday, Apple highlighted features that it made just for China. It shows just how important that market has become for the company.Q.     What do I do if my iPhone gets lost or stolen? Can Apple get it back with the serial number?  Personal Tech Q&A on tracking a lost or stolen iPhone. (M)8Apps have become vital in marketing mobile technologies to consumers, and the allegiance of app developers to Apple has helped propel the success of its devices.Apps have become vital in marketing mobile technologies to consumers and the allegiance of app developers to Apple has helped propel the success of its devices, even as smartphones running Google's Android operating system outsell iPhones more than two to one; Apple will seek to strengthen its ties to mobile developers with a series of product announcements at its developer conference in San Francisco.Apple's new Next Generation MacBook Pro adds a powerful new laptop to the company's product line, but that addition also makes the company's product line a little more confusing. Apple's MacBook Pro line requires more parsing on the part of the co...Apple's new Next Generation MacBook Pro adds a powerful new laptop to the company's product line, but that addition also makes the company's product line a little more confusing. Apple's MacBook Pro line requires more parsing on the part of the consumer today than it did yesterday.The big news on Monday was Apple's announcement of new products at the opening day of its developers conference in San Francisco.The big news on Monday was Apple's announcement of new products at the opening day of its developers conference in San Francisco.During Monday's Apple developer conference, Tim Cook, Apple's chief executive, was no longer compared to Steven P. Jobs, the co-founder of Apple, who often commanded an Apple keynote as a rock star. But Mr. Cook had control and command, so much so...During Monday's Apple developer conference, Tim Cook, Apple's chief executive, was no longer compared to Steven P. Jobs, the co-founder of Apple, who often commanded an Apple keynote as a rock star. But Mr. Cook had control and command, so much so that it went unremarked upon.