8:19 p.m. | Updated      SAN FRANCISCO - The private photos on your phone may not be as private as you think.  Photos on Apple mobile devices are vulnerable to a loophole that allows an application to copy the user's entire photo library after being given access to location information; latest privacy concern comes after developers of applications for Apple's mobile devices, along with Apple itself, came under scrutiny when it was reported that some apps were taking people's address book information without their knowledge. Photo (M)Apple is estimated to have 52 percent of profits in the smartphone industry, but rivals are making smartphones for much less, threatening its supremacy.Apple is estimated to have 52 percent of profits in the smartphone industry, but rivals like Samsung are making smartphones for much less, threatening its supremacy; company has pressure to continue innovating with each new iPhone.In their new operating systems, Windows 8 and Mountain Lion, Microsoft and Apple are heading up the effort to make computers more like mobile devices.Microsoft and Apple, in their new operating systems, Windows 8 and Mountain Lion, respectively, are leading the way in making computers more like mobile devices; companies hope this strategy will given them added leverage in the market for tablets and smartphones, which is growing to rival the market for personal computers.Apple has sent out press invitations for an iPad event to be held next week in San Francisco. The invitation bears an image of an iPad and says: "We have something you really have to see. And touch."Apple has sent out press invitations for an iPad event to be held next week in San Francisco. The invitation bears an image of an iPad and says: "We have something you really have to see. And touch."After a user allows an application on an Apple mobile device to have access to location information, the app can copy the user’s entire photo library, without any further warning.After a user allows an application on an Apple mobile device to have access to location information, the app can copy the user’s entire photo library, without any further warning.Older iPads retain a surprising amount of their value, and many companies want to buy the used machines. The best estimate for an iPad 2 16 GB Wi-Fi in like-new condition was $350 from Amazon.com. RadioShack offered $300, Target offered $286.49 an...Older iPads retain a surprising amount of their value, and many companies want to buy the used machines. The best estimate for an iPad 2 16 GB Wi-Fi in like-new condition was $350 from Amazon.com. RadioShack offered $300, Target offered $286.49 and Best Buy offered $286.20. Here's how to do it.Specialized alarm clocks are available for skiers, surfers and fans of insults, Eminem, Beyoncé, Jesus and public radio, just for starters.Bob Tedeschi App Smart column highlights alarm clock apps for mobile devices.At a meeting on Thursday, the Taxi and Limousine Commission also approved ads on the back of printed receipts.New York City's Taxi and Limousine Commission approves pilot program that clears the way for at least 30 of the city's 13,237 taxis to have their Taxi TV units replaced with iPads; using technology from San Francisco-based company Square, cab drivers will be able to use the units to accept credit card payments from iPhones, lowering transaction fees for the drivers; TLC also approves proposal to allow advertisements to be printed on the backs of all taxi receipts.How to sync your iPhone to iTunes over a Wi-Fi network.How to sync your iPhone to iTunes over a Wi-Fi network.Motorola Mobility, soon to be part of Google, is willing to pay you to buy one of its phones. The company is starting a trade-in program on Tuesday, offering up to $200 to people who swap their older devices for a Motorola smartphone that comes wi...Motorola Mobility, soon to be part of Google, is willing to pay you to buy one of its phones. The company is starting a trade-in program on Tuesday, offering up to $200 to people who swap their older devices for a Motorola smartphone that comes with Google's Android software.