b"SAN JOSE, Calif. - Back in the early 1930s, a magician by the name of Horace Goldin went to court to defend his signature illusion: sawing a woman in half.     Mr. Goldin filed a lawsuit against the R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company for using this ma...Nick Bilton Disruptions column contends Apple, by presenting evidence in a patent lawsuit against Samsung Electronics, is allowing competitors and the public to see inside one of the most secretive companies in the world; holds Apple could risk losing some of its magic by showing how it designs products that twice radically changed the electronics industry. (M)The break-in over the weekend of the iTunes account of a seasoned technology writer serves as a cautionary tale about how vulnerable people can be to malicious hackers.The break-in over the weekend of the iTunes account of a seasoned technology writer serves as a cautionary tale about how vulnerable people can be to malicious hackers.The disappearance of the app in the upcoming iOS 6 operating system seemed to chill any lingering hints of the warmth that once existed between Apple and Google.The disappearance of the app in the upcoming iOS 6 operating system seemed to chill any lingering hints of the warmth that once existed between Apple and Google.Apple temporarily disabled the ability for customers to reset their Apple ID passwords by calling customer service after a hacker broke into a journalist\xe2\x80\x99s account over the weekend.Apple temporarily disabled the ability for customers to reset their Apple ID passwords by calling customer service after a hacker broke into a journalist\xe2\x80\x99s account over the weekend.Apple freezes over-the-phone password changes, tech designers and developers struggle to get paid and Microsoft conceptualizes the connected home.Apple freezes over-the-phone password changes, tech designers and developers struggle to get paid and Microsoft conceptualizes the connected home.There is one quick lesson to be learned from the break-in of a journalist's Apple iCloud account: segregate your Apple services. That is an option, even though Apple recommends using one universal ID for all Apple services.There is one quick lesson to be learned from the break-in of a journalist's Apple iCloud account: segregate your Apple services. That is an option, even though Apple recommends using one universal ID for all Apple services.4:45 p.m. | Updated  Adding background and details, response from  Google . The rift between  Apple  and Google just got a little wider. On Monday, Apple released a test version of its coming iOS 6 operating system, which powers iPads and iPhones,...Apple releases a test version of its coming iOS 6 operating system, minus the YouTube app from its lineup of built-in apps; change is noteworthy because Apple has included the YouTube app with iOS since it released the first iPhone in 2007; disappearance seems to chill any remnants of warmth that once existed between Apple and Google, which owns YouTube. (M)Apple freezes over-the-phone password changes. | Tech designers and developers struggle to get paid. | Microsoft conceptualizes the connected home.Moving data from a Windows computer to a new Mac is easier than it used to be, thanks to a helping hand from Apple.Moving data from a Windows computer to a new Mac is easier than it used to be, thanks to a helping hand from Apple.A college admission officer in the United States explains the types of extracurricular activities that American students often include on their college applications.A college admission officer in the United States explains the types of extracurricular activities that American students often include on their college applications."