Apple sells screens that range from 2.5-inch iPods to 27-inch iMacs. Could an Apple-branded television be the next screen from the company?Apple sells screens that range from 2.5-inch iPods to 27-inch iMacs. Could an Apple-branded television be the next screen from the company?Apple’s profits were buoyed by sales of its new iPhone, which was introduced nine days before the quarter’s end.Apple reports fiscal fourth-quarter net income of $8.22 billion, or $8.67 a share, compared with $6.62 billion, or $7.05 a share, in year-ago quarter; attributes gains to  surge in sales of the iPhone, product that now accounts for nearly half the company's sales.With a 7.9-inch screen, Apple’s new device is smaller and lighter than the regular iPad. But at $330, it costs about $130 more than similarly sized tablets from competitors.Apple unveiled a smaller iPad and a new iMac on Tuesday at an event at the California Theater in San Jose, Calif.Apple unveiled a smaller iPad and a new iMac on Tuesday at an event at the California Theater in San Jose, Calif.TimesCast Media+Tech: Apple reveals the iPad Mini. | David Pogue reviews the Microsoft Surface in 60 seconds. | The Mr. GIF artist collective.The ruling, which probably will be challenged, could be used to roll back $1.05 billion in damages a jury awarded to Apple.Apple charges $100 more for the the 32- gigabyte iPad Mini over the 16-gigabyte model. But if you transfer your files using a free or low-cost service, you will be able to buy the less expensive version of the iPad.Apple charges $100 more for the the 32- gigabyte iPad Mini over the 16-gigabyte model. But if you transfer your files using a free or low-cost service, you will be able to buy the less expensive version of the iPad.Apple reveals the iPad Mini. David Pogue reviews the Microsoft Surface in 60 seconds. The Mr. GIF artist collective.Apple reveals the iPad Mini. David Pogue reviews the Microsoft Surface in 60 seconds. The Mr. GIF artist collective.Speck, an accessory company based in Palo Alto, Calif., has tweaked the design of its CandyShell cases for the iPhone 5 to make them thinner and give them a better grip.Speck, an accessory company based in Palo Alto, Calif., has tweaked the design of its CandyShell cases for the iPhone 5 to make them thinner and give them a better grip.The iPad Mini was announced Tuesday, with a retail price starting at $329. How it compares with other small tablet models currently available: