b'Counterfeiting of Apple products seems to be on the rise.Such is the power of the Apple name and brand in China that an enterprising company there has been making one-burner gas stoves carrying the once-bitten Apple logo and a label that says "iphone." Stove, cellphone, whatever --- it\'s the latest exam...Such is the power of the Apple name and brand in China that an enterprising company there has been making one-burner gas stoves carrying the once-bitten Apple logo and a label that says "iphone." Stove, cellphone, whatever --- it\'s the latest example of the Apple fakery industry in China.A Chinese firm\xe2\x80\x99s legal challenge threatened to prevent Apple from selling one of its most popular products in one of its fastest growing markets.Apple came to a local court in Shanghai to fight allegations that it did not own rights to the iPad trademark in China, David Barboza reports. The legal challenge threatens to prevent the company from selling one of its most popular products in on...Apple came to a local court in Shanghai to fight allegations that it did not own rights to the iPad trademark in China, David Barboza reports. The legal challenge threatens to prevent the company from selling one of its most popular products in one of its fastest-growing markets.A local court rejected an effort by a Chinese company to stop sales of the popular iPad in the city, saying it would not rule because a related trademark case is pending in Guangdong Province.Shanghai court rejects an effort by Chinese company Proview International to stop Apple from selling its iPad in the city, saying it will not rule because a related trademark case is pending in Guangdong Province.Apple is so big that it\xe2\x80\x99s running up against the law of large numbers, which suggests that the fast rise of its shares and earnings will slow.James B Stewart Common Sense column observes that Apple is so big that it is running up against the law of large numbers, which suggests that the fast rise of its shares and earnings will slow; points out other companies that have reached the top appear to have been felled by the law; states, however, that analysts are still overwhelmingly positive on the company\'s prospects.Kamala D. Harris said the agreement will strengthen privacy protections for smartphone owners who download mobile applications by forcing developers to post conspicuous privacy policies.Kamala D. Harris said the agreement will strengthen privacy protections for smartphone owners who download mobile applications by forcing developers to post conspicuous privacy policies.Apple versus a mathematical law that governs market growth; an interview with Richard Cordray, director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau; the "Amish Bernie Madoff" and his community.At Apple\'s annual meeting, the protesters outside were few. Inside, they were even fewer. But the list of Apple\'s accomplishments? Well, that pretty much filled the meeting time.At Apple\'s annual meeting, the protesters outside were few. Inside, they were even fewer. But the list of Apple\'s accomplishments? Well, that pretty much filled the meeting time.Apple is so big that it\'s running up against the law of large numbers, which suggests that the fast rise of its shares and earnings will slow.Apple is so big that it\'s running up against the law of large numbers, which suggests that the fast rise of its shares and earnings will slow.'