Apple’s latest iPhones are available only in black or white, but some owners are replacing the front and back panels with colorful and unauthorized alternatives.Apple’s latest iPhones are available only in black or white, but some owners are replacing the front and back panels with colorful and unauthorized alternatives; Apple does not condone modifications and may refuse to service or repair a phone if it has been tampered with but those who do so say the trouble is worth it.If the company falters it will likely be because one of its rivals achieves something that it has failed to do: developing digital devices that score highly in aesthetics and environmental sensitivity.Since Timothy D. Cook became chief executive last summer, Apple has taken a number of significant steps to address concerns about how its products are made.In his best-known roles, Ashton Kutcher has played a young man who came of age in the 1970s and a self-made technology gazillionaire, so why shouldn't his latest gig combine them both? Mr. Kutcher, the sitcom star of ''That '70s Show'' and ''Two a...Ashton Kutcher will portray Apple co-founder Steve Jobs in an independent film to be titled Jobs. Photo (M)0Readers react to two articles about plans to improve conditions at Apple’s factories in China.The European Commission is examining separate allegations by Microsoft and Apple into video and wireless patent abuses.The front of the iPad has one button, and that is one physical button too many. For the last couple of weeks I've been using the iPad without touching that home button, and it's often a more enjoyable way to use the device.The front of the iPad has one button, and that is one physical button too many. For the last couple of weeks I've been using the iPad without touching that home button, and it's often a more enjoyable way to use the device.Although the growth in C.E.O. compensation slowed last year, the pay numbers are still eye-popping.Growth in executive compensation has slowed in the past year, but the numbers are still eye-popping; data on CEO compensation in 2011 confirms that top executives do far better than the average worker, whether times are good or bad; pay among the 100 best-paid chief executives at large American corporations held fairly steady in 2011.AT&T is going all in with the upcoming release of the Nokia Lumia 900 smartphone. The carrier claims that the release, set for April 8, will be its biggest product introduction ever - surpassing even the release of the iPhone.     That's a remarka...Bits blog; AT&T says its April 8 debut of the Nokia Lumia 900 smartphone will be its biggest product introduction ever; price is $100, and features Microsoft's new Windows Phone 7 mobile software. (M)How time-wasting video games escaped the arcade, jumped into our pockets and took over our lives.