Though neither iPhones nor iPads existed five years ago, they account for 72 percent of Apple’s total revenue.Apple reports that its profit for the holiday quarter more than doubled, largely on sales of the iPhone 4S.Readers respond to a front-page series about Apple’s overseas manufacturing.A new survey by Forrester Research provides an in-depth profile of the typical user of Apple products inside the workplace. The study, which Forrester plans to release Thursday, says that 43 percent of people making over $150,000 a year said they ...A new survey by Forrester Research provides an in-depth profile of the typical user of Apple products inside the workplace. The study, which Forrester plans to release Thursday, says that 43 percent of people making over $150,000 a year said they use an iPhone, iPad or Mac for work, making them far more likely than any other group to use an Apple product.Apple and Verizon on Tuesday reported their quarterly earnings, and for both companies, much of their good news centered on one product: the iPhone. For both companies' earnings this past quarter, the iPhone was their best seller.Apple and Verizon on Tuesday reported their quarterly earnings, and for both companies, much of their good news centered on one product: the iPhone. For both companies' earnings this past quarter, the iPhone was their best seller.Two-thirds of Americans want domestic companies to shoulder a lot of responsibility to keep manufacturing jobs in the United States.Several years ago, the Macworld conference received what many assumed would be a fatal wound when Apple said it would bail out of the show as an exhibitor and keynoter. Macworld has refused to die, though, and attendance at this year's event, whic...Several years ago, the Macworld conference received what many assumed would be a fatal wound when Apple said it would bail out of the show as an exhibitor and keynoter. Macworld has refused to die, though, and attendance at this year's event, which opened Thursday, is up from last year.Several years ago, the Macworld conference received what many assumed would be a fatal wound when Apple said it would bail out of the show as an exhibitor and keynoter. Macworld has refused to die, though, and attendance at this year's event, whic...Several years ago, the Macworld conference received what many assumed would be a fatal wound when Apple said it would bail out of the show as an exhibitor and keynoter. Macworld has refused to die, though, and attendance at this year's event, which opened Thursday, is up from last year.A reporter will discuss the challenges posed by increasingly globalized high-tech industries, based on a deep look inside the economics of Apple's manufacturing.A reporter will discuss the challenges posed by increasingly globalized high-tech industries, based on a deep look inside the economics of Apple's manufacturing.Catherine Rampell, a business reporter, interviews David Barboza, a foreign correspondent, about working conditions in Chinese electronics factories and the role of U.S. companies.The explosion ripped through Building A5 on a Friday evening last May, an eruption of fire and noise that twisted metal pipes as if they were discarded straws.      When workers in the cafeteria ran outside, they saw black smoke pouring from shatt...Staggering manufacturing system in China makes it possible for Apple and other companies to make iPads and other devices almost as quickly as they can be invented, but for workers who often labor in harsh conditions, it can be dangerous; advocacy groups say some suppliers have disregard for workers' health. (Series: The iEconomy). Charts, Graphs, Photos (L)