b'Relations between Facebook and Apple are a bit like those between the United States and China. The two companies, great powers in their own right, are neither friends, nor outright hostile toward each other.Relations between Facebook and Apple are a bit like those between the United States and China. The two companies, great powers in their own right, are neither friends, nor outright hostile toward each other.A survey of consumer satisfaction among cellphone users found that RIM\'s BlackBerry is losing ground. On a scale of up to 100, RIM\'s aggregate satisfaction score is lowest, at 69. By contrast Apple, the index leader, scored 83.A survey of consumer satisfaction among cellphone users found that RIM\'s BlackBerry is losing ground. On a scale of up to 100, RIM\'s aggregate satisfaction score is lowest, at 69. By contrast Apple, the index leader, scored 83.Smule, the software developer known for its musical apps for iPhones, has decided it will make Android software too. It would almost appear to be an act of betrayal, as Smule was among the first companies to highlight the appeal of making apps for...Smule, the software developer known for its musical apps for iPhones, has decided it will make Android software too. It would almost appear to be an act of betrayal, as Smule was among the first companies to highlight the appeal of making apps for Apple\'s platform.Apple scored a narrow victory against HTC in a patent lawsuit in December over the technology used in the devices.The technology reporters and editors of The New York Times scour the Web for important and peculiar items. Monday\'s selection includes plans for the Pebble watch, which raised more than $10 million on Kickstarter, Nokia\'s recipe for rejuvenation b...The technology reporters and editors of The New York Times scour the Web for important and peculiar items. Monday\'s selection includes plans for the Pebble watch, which raised more than $10 million on Kickstarter, Nokia\'s recipe for rejuvenation by making dramatic changes in smartphones and a list of possessions the wife of the jailed chief of Megaupload wants returned.When it comes to the underlying technology providers that matter for mobile app developers, there\'s Google and Apple, with Microsoft as an also-ran. But as television begins to resemble the mobile business, Microsoft is in the lead with the Xbox, ...When it comes to the underlying technology providers that matter for mobile app developers, there\'s Google and Apple, with Microsoft as an also-ran. But as television begins to resemble the mobile business, Microsoft is in the lead with the Xbox, according to a new report out Wednesday from Forrester Research."George Harrison: Living in the Material World," the new e-book by Olivia Harrison, has generated good reviews from iTunes users, and the content is excellent. Whether it\'s worth downloading, though, depends on your tolerance for tiny text."George Harrison: Living in the Material World," the new e-book by Olivia Harrison, has generated good reviews from iTunes users, and the content is excellent. Whether it\'s worth downloading, though, depends on your tolerance for tiny text.Several users of Apple\'s iMessage, an Internet-based messaging service, have been reporting problems with the service on Apple support forums. The problem appears to be tied to the beta version of Apple\'s messaging software for the Mac.Several users of Apple\'s iMessage, an Internet-based messaging service, have been reporting problems with the service on Apple support forums. The problem appears to be tied to the beta version of Apple\'s messaging software for the Mac.Pump up the volume with either of two high-end wireless room speakers: Bose\xe2\x80\x99s SoundLink Wireless Mobile Speaker or Jawbone\xe2\x80\x99s Big Jambox.David Pogue State of the Art column highlights two high-end Bluetooth wireless room speakers: Bose\'s SoundLink Wireless Mobile Speaker and Jawbone\'s Big Jambox.AirPlay, a software tool included with Apple\'s iPads and iPhones, is widely viewed as being potentially disruptive to the cable industry, because it makes it easy for people to view a broad variety of Internet content on a television. Time Warner ...AirPlay, a software tool included with Apple\'s iPads and iPhones, is widely viewed as being potentially disruptive to the cable industry, because it makes it easy for people to view a broad variety of Internet content on a television. Time Warner Cable\'s leader, however, hasn\'t heard of it.'