The move came after Apple's Beijing store failed to open as promised and a frustrated crowd reacted by pelting it with eggs.The move came after Apple's Beijing store failed to open as promised and a frustrated crowd reacted by pelting it with eggs.The move came after Apple’s Beijing store failed to open as promised and a frustrated crowd reacted by pelting it with eggs.Apple temporarily suspends sales of all iPhones at its five mainland China stores out of concern for the safety of customers and employees, after the Beijing store fails to open as promised to introduce the iPhone 4S and a frustrated crowd pelts it with eggs.Q.     I updated to a new version of iBooks for the iPad and now I can't find the brightness controls for books -- does this mean I have to use the overall brightness slider in the Settings?  Personal Tech Q&A on Apple's updated IBooks app. (M)rApple, for the first time, has released a list of its major suppliers.Apple, for the first time, has released a list of its major suppliers.Apple is expected to launch a much anticipated foray into the textbook market at an event in New York next week. The company sent invitations to reporters for an event at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York on Jan. 19.Apple is expected to launch a much anticipated foray into the textbook market at an event in New York next week. The company sent invitations to reporters for an event at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York on Jan. 19.Skirmishes broke out at Beijing's flagship Apple store as large crowds gathered and the doors did not open as scheduled.Skirmishes broke out at Beijing's flagship Apple store as large crowds gathered and the doors did not open as scheduled.The company’s board granted Timothy Cook a one-time stock award to signal its confidence in him as the successor to Steve Jobs.Timothy D Cook, the new chief of Apple, receives a one-time stock award worth more than $376 million, largest given by the company in a decade; award signals Apple's confidence in him as the successor to Steven P Jobs.Apple already has centers within Best Buy stores, but an expansion to Target makes the computer brand accessible to shoppers who aren't necessarily looking for electronics.Apple already has centers within Best Buy stores, but an expansion to Target makes the computer brand accessible to shoppers who aren't necessarily looking for electronics.The move accompanied a report detailing troubling practices inside many of the facilities.Apple already has centers within Best Buy stores, but an expansion to Target could make the brand accessible to shoppers who aren’t necessarily looking for electronics.Target plans to test Apple centers at 25 of its retail locations in 2012; Apple already has centers within Best Buy stores, but an expansion to Target could make the brand accessible to shoppers who are not necessarily looking for electronics.