A shakeup at Apple continued with the firing of Richard Williamson, a manager who oversaw the company’s flawed mapping service, according to two people briefed on the matter.A shakeup at Apple continued with the firing of Richard Williamson, a manager who oversaw the company’s flawed mapping service, according to two people briefed on the matter.When two powerful companies go head to head trying to attract talent, the weapon of choice is usually money. Yet neither Apple nor Google seems to be doing much to woo app developers.When two powerful companies go head to head trying to attract talent, the weapon of choice is usually money. Yet neither Apple nor Google seems to be doing much to woo app developers.Apple has introduced the free iTunes 11 for download. It's still the front end for music, videos and iGadgets, and its features and personality are much the same. But the design has been overhauled - deeply, controversially, but, in general, succe...Apple has introduced the free iTunes 11 for download. It's still the front end for music, videos and iGadgets, and its features and personality are much the same. But the design has been overhauled - deeply, controversially, but, in general, successfully.New apps make Shakespeare’s plays and poems more accessible — even enticing — for a 21st-century audience.J D Biersdorfer reviews several mobile apps that make Shakespeare’s plays and poems more accessible for a 21st-century audience.The police say two hip-hop performers forced a potential financial backer to buy nearly $4,000 worth of items from an Apple store in Manhattan and then demanded $50,000 in cash.Hip-hop performers Ryan Mixon and Andres Lozano are arrested in Manhattan on charges of kidnapping and extortion after allegedly forcing a potential financial backer to buy nearly $4,000 worth of items from an Apple store in Manhattan and then demanding $50,000 in cash from him.How, with the No. 10 dashboard, David Cameron (and maybe even Barack Obama) could follow in the footsteps of Salvador Allende.Op-Ed article by author Will Wiles contends that cybernetics-based app created for British Prime Min David Cameron, designed to give him instant overviews of government, political and social events, is similar to project undertaken by government of Chilean Pres Salvador Allende in 1970; notes key difference is that Cameron's app lacks a mechanism to translate data into action, and simply allows Cameron to observe the national scenery speeding past.Nokia's new Lumia smartphone is about as difficult to buy as Apple's iPhone 5. In many online and brick-and-mortar stores, the Lumia 920 is sold out. But does that mean it's popular?Nokia's new Lumia smartphone is about as difficult to buy as Apple's iPhone 5. In many online and brick-and-mortar stores, the Lumia 920 is sold out. But does that mean it's popular?There seems to be a different tablet for every man, woman, child and mutant. We offer a rundown on e-readers, tablets and mini-tablets for holiday gift-givers.David Pogue State of the Art column offers rundown on e-readers, tablets and mini-tablets for holiday gift-givers.The action by Ericsson, which makes networking equipment, against Samsung, which makes mobile phones, is intended to encourage Samsung to come to terms on a patent agreement.Ericsson files lawsuit against Samsung Electronics, biggest maker of Android smartphones, contending that it had infringed on 24 of Ericsson's software and hardware patents.IDC, a technology research firm, predicts that 2013 is the year when Microsoft must sharply increase its support among mobile applications developers if it is to avoid “a gradual track to demise.”IDC, a technology research firm, predicts that 2013 is the year when Microsoft must sharply increase its support among mobile applications developers if it is to avoid “a gradual track to demise.”