SAN FRANCISCO — Apple’s move into maps is hardly a surprise, but the question is if it can build a service that does as good a job, or a better one, than Google's does.Apple’s move into mobile maps is hardly a surprise, but the question is if it can build a service that does as good a job, or a better one, than Google has; if Apple slips up, consumers in the highly competitive smartphone market may have a good reason to turn to Android phones; if Apple succeeds, Google will be under pressure at a time when it already has to deal with competitors in map services.If you have changed e-mail addresses since you signed up for an iTunes account, you can easily switch it to your new address - most of the time.If you have changed e-mail addresses since you signed up for an iTunes account, you can easily switch it to your new address - most of the time.Apple announced an expansion of Siri at the opening of its developers' conference on Monday; new devices and apps will work with the voice-command service. One of the more intriguing areas of that expansion was the addition of automakers to Siri's...Bits blog notes Apple announces an expansion of Siri at its developers' conference; new devices and apps will work with the voice-command service, including the addition of automakers to Siri's partners. (M)The evolution of computing platforms over the last decade shows that innovative rivals can have more of an effect than antitrust cases.The evolution of computing platforms over the last decade shows that innovative rivals can have more of an effect than antitrust cases.Sonos, which makes home audio equipment for listening to digital music, is raising $135 million from a group of investors that includes a couple of former Apple executives.Sonos, which makes home audio equipment for listening to digital music, is raising $135 million from a group of investors that includes a couple of former Apple executives.Yet another app that was exclusive to Apple's mobile devices is expanding to Google's Android platform and elsewhere. What's unusual about the company behind this app, Flipboard, is that it was co-founded by a former Apple employee who worked on t...Yet another app that was exclusive to Apple's mobile devices is expanding to Google's Android platform and elsewhere. What's unusual about the company behind this app, Flipboard, is that it was co-founded by a former Apple employee who worked on the iPhone.A number apps let you tailor your music to your tastes. At less than $10 each (some are free), they could save you from buying new headphones.A number apps let you tailor your music to your tastes. At less than $10 each (some are free), they could save you from buying new headphones.Surface is not just an iPad competitor. It's an ultrabook competitor. Microsoft seems to be going after a broader market than Apple does with its iPad. Microsoft is aiming at people who do work on laptops but want something even lighter.Surface is not just an iPad competitor. It's an ultrabook competitor. Microsoft seems to be going after a broader market than Apple does with its iPad. Microsoft is aiming at people who do work on laptops but want something even lighter.After writing a short piece about the Microsoft Surface, and noting that the Apple iPad's screen is difficult for long-form typing, I was on the receiving end of the ire of some Apple zealots.After writing a short piece about the Microsoft Surface, and noting that the Apple iPad's screen is difficult for long-form typing, I was on the receiving end of the ire of some Apple zealots.Google's Android 4.0 system offers a quick way to respond to a caller, without actually anwsering the phone.Google's Android 4.0 system offers a quick way to respond to a caller, without actually anwsering the phone.