b'Owners of Apple\'s new iPhone 5 may notice that the phone is guzzling more bytes over the cellular network on Verizon Wireless than it should, which could lead to a hefty bill. It turns out there\'s a bug.Owners of Apple\'s new iPhone 5 may notice that the phone is guzzling more bytes over the cellular network on Verizon Wireless than it should, which could lead to a hefty bill. It turns out there\'s a bug.State media in China and an overseas labor watch group said some workers halted production lines, apparently over higher quality control standards.Foxconn Technology Group denies reports of strike at Chinese iPhone factory, and says production is continuing without interruption.To the checklist of signs that the technology industry has entered a "post-PC" era, add this: Google\'s stock market value passed that of Microsoft\'s for the first time on Monday.To the checklist of signs that the technology industry has entered a "post-PC" era, add this: Google\'s stock market value passed that of Microsoft\'s for the first time on Monday.The 13th annual report from Interbrand ranks what it deems the 100 most valuable brands worldwide, and Coca-Cola, Apple, I.B.M. and Google lead the list.Stuart Elliott Advertising column notes 13th annual report from Interbrand ranks what it deems the 100 most valuable brands worldwide, and Coca-Cola, Apple, IBM and Google lead the list.Chrisann Brennan was one of Steve Jobs\xe2\x80\x99s first serious loves, his high school girlfriend and the mother of his daughter Lisa. Now Ms. Brennan will tell the story of her relationship with Mr. Jobs, the Apple co-founder who died in 2011, in a new me...Chrisann Brennan was one of Steve Jobs\xe2\x80\x99s first serious loves, his high school girlfriend and the mother of his daughter Lisa. Now Ms. Brennan will tell the story of her relationship with Mr. Jobs, the Apple co-founder who died in 2011, in a new memoir to be published next year.Every once in awhile, Apple.com turns into something unlike any other company home page on the Internet, as happened on Friday with a tribute to Steven P. Jobs, the company\xe2\x80\x99s late co-founder.Every once in awhile, Apple.com turns into something unlike any other company home page on the Internet, as happened on Friday with a tribute to Steven P. Jobs, the company\xe2\x80\x99s late co-founder.The company\xe2\x80\x99s bundling of its mapping technology with the iPhone 5 brings to mind the Microsoft-Netscape antitrust battles of the 1990s.James B Stewart Common Sense column notes that Apple\'s decision to jettison Google Maps from the iPhone 5 and replace it with native GPS software is unlikely to expose the company to antitrust issues; argues that the strategy seems in line with Steve Jobs\' legacy of end-to-end product control.There are some better options than Google and Apple for mapping and navigation.Kit Eaton App Smart column highlights mapping and navigation apps that are better options than Google and Apple apps.A leading technology research firm has cut its 2012 forecast for shipments of ultrabooks by more than 50 percent. Ultrabooks were supposed to revitalize the personal computer market, but have been slow to market, generally unmemorable in their adv...A leading technology research firm has cut its 2012 forecast for shipments of ultrabooks by more than 50 percent. Ultrabooks were supposed to revitalize the personal computer market, but have been slow to market, generally unmemorable in their advertising and more expensive than expected.The technology reporters and editors of The New York Times scour the Web for important and peculiar items. Tuesday\'s selection includes a new claim that Microsoft is working on its own cellphone, two rivals wanting a deal like the ones the Kansas ...The technology reporters and editors of The New York Times scour the Web for important and peculiar items. Tuesday\'s selection includes a new claim that Microsoft is working on its own cellphone, two rivals wanting a deal like the ones the Kansas Cities gave Google and the Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen\'s take on Windows 8.'