In an anticipation of a possible iPhone release this fall, analysts are predicting changes to the iPhone’s size and its software.In an anticipation of a possible iPhone release this fall, analysts are predicting changes to the iPhone’s size and its software.“Had a nice conversation with Tim Cook today,” tweeted Carl C. Icahn, the longtime activist investor, as shares of Apple surged.“Had a nice conversation with Tim Cook today,” tweeted Carl C. Icahn, the longtime activist investor, as shares of Apple surged.Mr. Icahn’s message to Apple was clear: it should buy back more stock and fast. It would be a smart, relatively effortless move, the author writes.Mr. Icahn’s message to Apple was clear: it should buy back more stock and fast. It would be a smart, relatively effortless move, the author writes.It is important for the technology industry to create technical standards and for companies to cross-license patents to each other.Editorial praises Obama administration for vetoing decision by United States International Trade Commission to ban import of certain older-model Apple iPhones and iPads that it determined had violated patents owned by Samsung Electronics; contends veto sends strong message that routine dispute over standards-essential patents should not be basis of an import ban.Can traditional bookstores survive the digital marketplace?Sunday Dialogue on whether traditional bookstores can survive the digital marketplace.So, you think you and your iPhone are inseparable?Editorial observes news that BlackBerry is considering selling itself is a good reminder of the impermanence of technological dominance.The historical record is stretched in “Jobs,” a biopic about Steve Jobs directed by Joshua Michael Stern and starring Ashton Kutcher.The New York Times’s staff scours the Web for interesting and peculiar items. Tuesday’s selections include a video interview with Charlie Rose in which Larry Ellison, Oracle’s chief executive, sees a dark future for Apple without Steve Jobs.The New York Times’s staff scours the Web for interesting and peculiar items. Tuesday’s selections include a video interview with Charlie Rose in which Larry Ellison, Oracle’s chief executive, sees a dark future for Apple without Steve Jobs.On Monday, NBC News will announce its acquisition of Stringwire, an early stage Web service that enables streaming live video straight to its control rooms from mobile devices.On Monday, NBC News will announce its acquisition of Stringwire, an early stage Web service that enables streaming live video straight to its control rooms from mobile devices.A gain in technology stocks was led by Apple, which surged $22.21, or 4.8 percent, after comments by the billionaire Carl C. Icahn.Stock market manages small gains after upturn in technology companies offsets weaknesses in other parts of market, including drop in airline shares.