Under Steven A. Ballmer’s leadership for the last 13 years, Microsoft has struggled to transition from a PC-driven company, to a mobile-centric one. Apple, once its biggest competitor, has done the complete opposite.Under Steven A. Ballmer’s leadership for the last 13 years, Microsoft has struggled to transition from a PC-driven company, to a mobile-centric one. Apple, once its biggest competitor, has done the complete opposite.For Steve Ballmer’s eventual successor, the challenges are many. Some of the same factors that helped Microsoft in the PC market are working against it as it tries to catch Google and Apple.Challenges are many for eventual successor of Microsoft chief executive Steven A Ballmer, who is poised to step down; some of the same factors that helped Microsoft in the PC market are working against it as it tries to catch Google and Apple; it is unlikely chairman Bill Gates will return to run company.For several years, Microsoft’s Windows Mobile software system was a dominant product, but the company took longer to adapt as the mobile industry evolved.For several years, Microsoft’s Windows Mobile software system was a dominant product, but the company took longer to adapt as the mobile industry evolved.Is speech recognition better on smartphones running Google’s operating system or Apple’s? That depends on how it’s used.David Pogue State of the Art column examines whether speech recognition is better on smartphones running Google’s Android operating system or Apple’s Siri; finds it depends on how it is used.Is speech recognition better on Google’s cellphones or Apple’s? That depends on how it’s used.Despite the hullabaloo over the Nasdaq stock market’s failure on Thursday afternoon, traders remained fixated squarely on Apple’s then-frozen stock price. Why? Because Carl C. Icahn had taken to Twitter again.Despite the hullabaloo over the Nasdaq stock market’s failure on Thursday afternoon, traders remained fixated squarely on Apple’s then-frozen stock price. Why? Because Carl C. Icahn had taken to Twitter again.The Times’s David Pogue pits Google’s Android and Apple’s iOS against each other to see which voice recognition system is better.The value created by new patterns of international trade may go largely to companies rather than to consumers, an economist writes.The value created by new patterns of international trade may go largely to companies rather than to consumers, an economist writes.Network externalities, then and now.Network externalities, then and now.While change is coming to the television set, for now the best way to get access to online video is through game consoles and other devices like Apple TV and Google’s Chromecast.Tool Kit column; change is coming to the television set, but for now the best way to get access to streaming online video is through game consoles and other devices like Apple TV and Google’s Chromecast.