MediaTek of Taiwan not only provides manufacturers with chips for their smartphones but also tells how to build and run them, cutting their costs as they compete with the iPhone.MediaTek of Taiwan not only provides manufacturers with chips for their smartphones but also offers instructions on how to build and run them, cutting their costs as they compete with Apple's iPhone; firm has 50 percent of China's smartphone chip market.I.B.M. was granted more patents than any other company in 2012, its 20th consecutive year in the top spot. But the big movement in the rankings comes from Google and Apple.I.B.M. was granted more patents than any other company in 2012, its 20th consecutive year in the top spot. But the big movement in the rankings comes from Google and Apple.Led by Apple, tech companies took over from consumer staples as the largest payer of dividends to investors.Floyd Norris Off the Charts column holds that the information technology sector, which once disdained paying dividends to shareholders, now pays more dividends than any other sector in the Standard & Poor's 500.The Dutch electronics maker Philips has introduced an array of docking speakers with Apple Lightning connectors for the iPhone 5.The Dutch electronics maker Philips has introduced an array of docking speakers with Apple Lightning connectors for the iPhone 5.The built-in Dictation feature of OS X 10.8 for the Mac can convert your words into text.The built-in Dictation feature of OS X 10.8 for the Mac can convert your words into text.Ralph de la Vega, the chief executive of AT&T's wireless unit, says the company's new wireless home security system, Digital Life, would become available in March. And it plans major expansions for its fourth-generation LTE networks. He also has h...Ralph de la Vega, the chief executive of AT&T's wireless unit, says the company's new wireless home security system, Digital Life, would become available in March. And it plans major expansions for its fourth-generation LTE networks. He also has high hopes for Windows phones.When the Federal Trade Commission decided last week to close its antitrust investigation of Google without charges, one important factor, though hardly mentioned, was just beneath the surface: the mobile revolution, reports Claire Cain Miller in T...When the Federal Trade Commission decided last week to close its antitrust investigation of Google without charges, one important factor, though hardly mentioned, was just beneath the surface: the mobile revolution, reports Claire Cain Miller in Tuesday's New York Times.At the Consumer Electronics Show, many app-powered accessories are on display that allow consumers to turn off lights, unlock doors or monitor their blood pressure.Consumer Electronics Show features many app-powered smartphone accessories that allow consumers to turn off lights, unlock doors or monitor their blood pressure, further making connections to home and self in the modern world.Television makers are trying to attract attention by supersizing screens and quadrupling the level of detail in images, and they are adding apps and other interactive elements.Television makers, facing crowded field and competition from other devices, are trying to attract attention by supersizing screens and quadrupling the level of detail in images; manufacturers are also pushing the idea of 'smart' sets by adding apps and other interactive features.Ben Horowitz, the co-founder of the Andreessen Horowitz venture capital firm, talks about the implications of his firm's thesis that "software is eating the world." Getting a job may be tougher. Governments will have a harder time paying their bil...Ben Horowitz, the co-founder of the Andreessen Horowitz venture capital firm, talks about the implications of his firm's thesis that "software is eating the world." Getting a job may be tougher. Governments will have a harder time paying their bills. Opportunities have never been greater. With this many contradictions, something big is going on.