b"Timothy D. Cook, Apple\xe2\x80\x99s chief executive, is likely to suggest ways to reward investors, who have been wanting more cash from the company.Timothy D. Cook, Apple\xe2\x80\x99s chief executive, is likely to suggest ways to reward investors, who have been wanting more cash from the company.It has taken a long time for new iPhone 5 accessories compatible with the Lightning connection port to hit the market. Here\xe2\x80\x99s why.It has taken a long time for new iPhone 5 accessories compatible with the Lightning connection port to hit the market. Here\xe2\x80\x99s why.The wrist is not a scary place for consumers to add their first computer. After all, we\xe2\x80\x99ve been wearing a type of computer there for decades: the wristwatch.The wrist is not a scary place for consumers to add their first computer. After all, we\xe2\x80\x99ve been wearing a type of computer there for decades: the wristwatch.After sweeping the market with the iPhone and the iPad, Apple has only one real competitor. And Samsung, unlike Apple, does think people know what they want.Samsung, following breakthrough sales of its Galaxy S III model, emerges as potent challenger to Apple in smartphone market; Samsung's business model, unlike Apple's, has been based on intensive study of existing markets and consumer preference.Executives at Samsung Electronics emphasize the company's market research and design processes. But the other crucial parts to the company's success are its huge investments in capital spending and marketing, far exceeding any other consumer elect...Executives at Samsung Electronics emphasize the company's market research and design processes. But the other crucial parts to the company's success are its huge investments in capital spending and marketing, far exceeding any other consumer electronics company.Apple has never faced a challenger able to make a truly popular and profitable smartphone or tablet \xe2\x80\x94 until Samsung Electronics. Yet these two rivals could not be more different, Brian X. Chen reports.Apple has never faced a challenger able to make a truly popular and profitable smartphone or tablet \xe2\x80\x94 until Samsung Electronics. Yet these two rivals could not be more different, Brian X. Chen reports.With $140 billion in cash at stake, Apple and the hedge fund manager David Einhorn have been acting strangely.With $140 billion in cash at stake, Apple and the hedge fund manager David Einhorn have been acting strangely.The technology reporters and editors of The New York Times scour the Web for important and peculiar items. For Monday, selections include a program from Raytheon that tracks people by mining data from social media, the entrepreneur behind Google D...The technology reporters and editors of The New York Times scour the Web for important and peculiar items. For Monday, selections include a program from Raytheon that tracks people by mining data from social media, the entrepreneur behind Google Docs working on business collaboration tools for mobile devices and a look at how the common interests of Apple and Samsung may outweigh their smartphone rivalry..TimesCast Media+Tech: Esquire prepares to introduce a new television network. | Beauty bloggers storm fashion week. | The wristwatch of the future.The App Store used to be a virtual candy store of cool new games and services to test out and download. Is that appeal wearing thin?The App Store used to be a virtual candy store of cool new games and services to test out and download. Is that appeal wearing thin?"