Smart-home automation is a tricky and chaotic corner of tech right now, but two devices offer flexibility at a relatively low price of entry.Molly Wood Machine Learning column notes that smart-home automation is tricky and chaotic corner of the tech industry, and that for consumers it remains mostly a do-it-yourself project; notes multiple companies are trying to create hubs for controlling various home devices in order to simplify processThe European Union has begun an investigation into how low-tax nations like Ireland have helped large multinationals like Apple and Starbucks reduce their tax bills by billions of dollars.Leung Kwok-hung’s unkempt mane had been a constant in his decade as one of the city’s most animated legislators. That was, until his hair was cut short on Monday.Leung Kwok-hung’s unkempt mane had been a constant in his decade as one of the city’s most animated legislators. That was, until his hair was cut short on Monday.In rejecting Valeant’s latest offer, Allergan trumpeted its research. Valeant, responding on Wednesday, said that most successful pharmaceutical innovation comes from smaller, more nimble competitors.In rejecting Valeant’s latest offer, Allergan trumpeted its research. Valeant, responding on Wednesday, said that most successful pharmaceutical innovation comes from smaller, more nimble competitors.Apple Inc. is in the probing eye of the EU investigation into European tax deals in Ireland and other member states, along with Starbucks and Fiat. Is too little tax being paid by foreign corporations domiciled in Europe? Joel Flynn reports.The European Union’s competition commissioner, Joaquín Almunia, announced the opening of three in-depth investigations into tax breaks affecting Apple, Starbucks and Fiat Finance and Trade.A former Hong Kong leader says the city needs to be tougher in dealing with Beijing, or else face the consequences sooner rather than later.A former Hong Kong leader says the city needs to be tougher in dealing with Beijing, or else face the consequences sooner rather than later.What can go wrong in turning a bold idea into a business? A start-up company’s creative team counts the speed bumps.What can go wrong in turning a bold idea into a business? A start-up company’s creative team counts the speed bumps.Plus, making movies with Microsoft products.Personal Tech Q&A column on printing pictures in iPhoto '11 on OS X Mavericks; difference between Movie Moments and Movie Maker on Windows 8.1; Tip of the Week on new additions to Google search results for food lovers.Apple's stock ran up ahead of its stock split, but now that its taken effect, there is disagreement on what it will mean for investors. Bobbi Rebell reports.