A deal in the antitrust case would give consumers $400 million in cash and e-book credits, and lawyers $50 million. But an appeal is still pending.Federal Judge Denise L Cote approves settlement in which Apple could begin paying $400 million to as many as 23 million consumers; payments are related to charges that it violated antitrust law by conspiring with publishers to raise e-book prices and thwart efforts by Amazon.Chinese users can now use China UnionPay cards to buy items in the App Store.Chinese users can now use China UnionPay cards to buy items in the App Store.The lack of space on our wrists pose a challenge to designers of wrist-worn devices. Issues like the size of screens can make smart watches less attractive.The research firm Forrester said it expected mobile-based payments in the United States to reach as high as $142 billion in volume over the next five years.The research firm Forrester said it expected mobile-based payments in the United States to reach as high as $142 billion in volume over the next five years.Plus, using Apple&#8217;s AirDrop to move files between iOS and OS X.Personal Tech Q&A on removing personal information from e-book readers; using AirDrop to wirelessly transfer photos from iPod to computer; Tip of the Week about using Google Street View function on Google Maps application.Having grown up with Pepperidge Farm stuffing, I will always have a weakness for bread stuffing seasoned with sage and thyme, with plenty of chopped onion and celery. I prefer to use 100 percent whole wheat bread, one that isn’t at all sweet. A mi...As I was playing around with the mixture for these not-too-sweet scones I learned that if I used as much liquid (in the form of buttermilk or yogurt) as I usually do in my scones, they wouldn’t be flaky. That is because the apple provides plenty o...I came across this utterly simple idea in Deborah Madison’s “Vegetarian Cooking for Everyone.” She serves hers as a dessert with ice cream, a lovely use for the apples (which she also embellishes with raisins and pine nuts). I think they make a gr...The N1, with a 7.9 inch display and run on Google’s Android operating system, will pit the Finnish company against its longtime ally Microsoft.The N1, with a 7.9 inch display and run on Google’s Android operating system, will pit the Finnish company against its longtime ally Microsoft.This has moved to the top of my favorite crumbles list. I have made apple crumbles before, but I hadn’t cooked the apples first in my other recipes. It makes a huge difference in the sweetness and comfort level of the dish. The pear also contribut...