b"Apple said that it had confirmed that its suppliers did not use tantalum, a type of metal commonly used in electronics, containing minerals from areas engaged in warfare.Apple releases its supplier responsibility report, noting that its hardware factories do not use any tantalum, metal commonly used in electronics, from areas engaged in warfare; also reports effort to end excessively long workweeks for supplier employees.Scott M. Stringer will urge Apple investors to vote against a proposal for a stock buyback worth $50 billion.Scott M. Stringer will urge Apple investors to vote against a proposal for a stock buyback worth $50 billion.Last year, Asian handset makers like Huawei and Lenovo gained traction in the mobile phone business, but Samsung Electronics and Apple made all of the industry\xe2\x80\x99s profits.Last year, Asian handset makers like Huawei and Lenovo gained traction in the mobile phone business, but Samsung Electronics and Apple made all of the industry\xe2\x80\x99s profits.Apple appealed the placement of a monitor to ensure compliance with federal antitrust laws.Apple appealed the placement of a monitor to ensure compliance with federal antitrust laws.The activist investor Carl C. Icahn backed away from his proposal that Apple increase its stock buybacks to $50 billion after running into increasing opposition.The activist investor Carl C. Icahn backed away from his proposal that Apple increase its stock buybacks to $50 billion after running into increasing opposition.The battery life of smart watches and computerized glasses could prove to be the most important aspect of wearable gadgets.The battery life of smart watches and computerized glasses could prove to be the most important aspect of wearable gadgets.Researchers at Gartner said that in 2013, worldwide smartphone sales neared 1 billion units sold and surpassed the sales of feature phones for the first time.Researchers at Gartner said that in 2013, worldwide smartphone sales neared 1 billion units sold and surpassed the sales of feature phones for the first time.So you bought a Betamax VCR? And also a Nook? Here\xe2\x80\x99s a strategy to avoid betting on the wrong horse again.Farhad Manjoo State of the Art column outlines strategy to survive next wave of technology extinction; advises comsumers to buy Apple's hardware, use Google's services, buy media from Amazon and bet on connectors.Investor Carl Icahn backed down from his fight to get Apple to buy back more shares as more big investors sided with the iPhone maker. Fred Katayama reports.HTC is hinting at a smart watch. But is that a very good idea?HTC is hinting at a smart watch. But is that a very good idea?"