Timothy D. Cook, Apple’s chief executive, said that one million credit cards had been activated on Apple Pay in the first three days that the mobile payment system was live.Timothy D. Cook, Apple’s chief executive, said that one million credit cards had been activated on Apple Pay in the first three days that the mobile payment system was live.Mr. Cook, Apple’s chief executive, said the trade-off to his own privacy was worthwhile, if the disclosure that he is gay could help others.A group of retailers known as the Merchant Customer Exchange said that it could yet decide to use the technology that Apple Pay relies on to process transactions.Merchant Customer Exchange, consortium of major retailers creating a rival system to Apple's new mobile payment system, say they may adjust strategy to include Near Field Communication capability; technology is the same one used by Apple Pay to process transaction; shift follows pressure from Apple supporters.Mr. Cook said his home state was too slow to guarantee minority rights during the civil rights era and that it was now too slow to ensure the rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.Apple chief executive Timothy D Cook says his home state Alabama is too slow to guarantee minority rights during the civil rights era and that it is now too slow to ensure the rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.An Apple executive recently called the design of Xiaomi’s phones “theft.” In return, Mr. Barra pointed out that parts of Apple’s new phones are a bit like handsets from HTC.An Apple executive recently called the design of Xiaomi’s phones “theft.” In return, Mr. Barra pointed out that parts of Apple’s new phones are a bit like handsets from HTC.In a speech on Oct. 27, Timothy D. Cook, Apple’s chief executive, urged his home state of Alabama to move faster on ensuring equality for all.Readers react to a declaration by Apple&#8217;s chief executive, Timothy D. Cook, that he is gay and proud of it.Rite Aid and CVS are not accepting Apple Pay because they belong to a consortium of retailers planning to release their own mobile payment system next year.So far, a payment-processing executive said, businesses fall into one of three buckets: “those who actively want to use it, those who are exploring it and those that want to wait and see.”So far, a payment-processing executive said, businesses fall into one of three buckets: “those who actively want to use it, those who are exploring it and those that want to wait and see.”A consortium of merchants, including the two drugstore chains, plans to introduce a rival payment system next year that will supplant the use of credit and debit cards.A consortium of merchants, including the two drugstore chains, plans to introduce a rival payment system next year that will supplant the use of credit and debit cards.