Despite strong sales of the new iPhone models, Apple’s forecast for the holiday season — traditionally its strongest quarter — was cautious.Apple reports profit of $11.1 billion in fourth quarter, up 31 percent from year ago quarter, and revenue of $51.5 billion, up 22 percent from year ago; offers cautious forecast for upcoming holiday quarter.Its plethora of innovations and apps leads me to conclude that the upgraded box is now the best TV streaming device.Tech Fix column suggests revamped Apple TV as best streaming device for most applications and budgets. This year’s circus theme at Lincoln Center is “The Grand Tour,” setting off with the help of the physical-theater troupe Parallel Exit.She’s the highest-paid female executive in the United States but, after more than a year at Apple, she’s rarely seen.The most valuable company in the world and a company that aspires to be among the giants both report quarterly earnings on Tuesday afternoon. One faces big expectations and the other faces genuine concerns about its future.The most valuable company in the world and a company that aspires to be among the giants both report quarterly earnings on Tuesday afternoon. One faces big expectations and the other faces genuine concerns about its future.We tested video streaming devices from Apple, Amazon, Roku and Google, and the Apple TV stood out. But it’s not the best for everyone. Here are the pros and cons of each device.Apple reported stellar earnings driven by iPhone sales. Twitter's earnings beat was overshadowed by a current quarter warning. U.S. stocks were lower. Bobbi Rebell reports.Apple reported stellar earnings driven by iPhone sales. Twitter's earnings beat was overshadowed by a current quarter warning. U.S. stocks were lower. Bobbi Rebell reports.The social media service issued guidance below what Wall Street was expecting as its new chief executive, Jack Dorsey, looks at ways to reignite interest among consumers.The social media service issued guidance below what Wall Street was expecting as its new chief executive, Jack Dorsey, looks at ways to reignite interest among consumers.This week, data on durable goods orders, consumer confidence and economic growth will be released. In addition, several companies including Apple and Exxon Mobil will report earnings.