Some of the nation&#8217;s banks are privately complaining that Apple Pay may not be so great after all, but the banks may largely have themselves to blame.One obstacle has been the banks’ own reluctance to press Apple for fear of upsetting their relationships with the tech giant.One obstacle has been the banks’ own reluctance to press Apple for fear of upsetting their relationships with the tech giant.The service, which could be announced later this year, would offer a bundle of channels that is smaller and cheaper than a typical cable subscription, according to people briefed on the plans.Apple holds talks with leading television groups as part of plan to create low-cost TV streaming service for its iPhone, iPad and Apple TV products; service would be meant to provide slimmer and more affordable alternative to cable television packages.With the rollout of the Apple Watch, comments have flowed in from around the world.Genius alone didn&#8217;t bring Apple back. It took management chops.Banks and Apple Pay tussle over fraud. | Valeant wins the bidding war for Salix. | Pinterest garners $11 billion valuation. | Troops come home to repossessions.Banks and Apple Pay tussle over fraud. | Valeant wins the bidding war for Salix. | Pinterest garners $11 billion valuation. | Troops come home to repossessions.Apple will offer around 25 channels of programming for $30-40 a month come fall, according to the Wall Street Journal. Fred Katayama reports.In her book &#8220;Just Kids From the Bronx,&#8221; the author Arlene Alda collects more than 60 evocative oral histories from a diverse group that includes Colin L. Powell, Carl Reiner, Neil DeGrasse Tysonand Chazz Palminteri.Sam Roberts reviews books Just Kids From the Bronx: Telling It the Way It Was, edited by Arlene Alda, and Stop at the Red Apple Rest: The Restaurant on Route 17 by Elaine Freed Lindenblatt.Once, you wore a barrel to signify poverty; now you launch a Kickstarter campaign.Henry Alford Loose Ends column, citing Apple CEO Tim Cook's revelation that new smartwatch was inspired by Dick Tracy's two-way radio watch, offers humorous suggestions for items from the past that served as precursors or inspirations for modern-day inventions.European officials proposed new disclosure rules meant to make it more difficult for countries to work out special tax-avoidance deals with multinationals.European Union officials propose rules to discourage tax-avoidance deals with multinational corporations; some of bloc's smaller countries have used deals to attract corporations with special tax breaks.