After wearing an Apple Watch for eight months, a Times White House correspondent is convinced that smartwatches will eventually be considered essential.Gadgetwise column; Apple Watch has limitations, but has certain features that could one day be regarded as essential.If you have reached the end of the free three-month trial of the streaming service and find it is not for you, here’s how to stop the monthly bills.Tech Tips on canceling subscription to Apple Music.The American technology company reached a deal after an inquiry into whether it had moved revenue from its Italian operations through an Irish subsidiary.Apple comes to agreement with Italy over tax dispute; amount owed could approach $350 million.Losing his trousers, and almost his life, during a firefight in Vietnam 50 years ago, R.W. Apple Jr. began to build his legend as a correspondent.You may have a few other troubleshooting steps available if the Rebuild command under the Mailbox menu has not resolved the problem.It does not appear that criticism of the lack of inclusion in the tech industry’s work force will dissipate anytime soon.It does not appear that criticism of the lack of inclusion in the tech industry’s work force will dissipate anytime soon.In India, most Internet content is viewed for free, particularly on YouTube. It is not an arrangement that will be easily changed.In India, most Internet content is viewed for free, particularly on YouTube. It is not an arrangement that will be easily changed.Mr. Siminoff replaces Janet Van Huysse, ending a year in which the company was criticized about its minority hiring.Twitter has placed Jeffrey Siminoff in charge of dealing with company's lack of diversity, in wake of regular criticism about makeup of its work force and its lack of women and minorities; Siminoff is co-founder of advocacy organization Out Leadership, but selection draws criticism due to fact that Siminoff is white.Apps are becoming more simply designed, single-purpose, wearable and very aware of your location. Look for more of that in 2016.Kit Eaton App Smart column surveys trends that will shape apps in 2016; holds simplicity will be watchword, though trend may not apply to messaging apps. The e-commerce giant appeared to solidify its hold on the online world this holiday season. What remains to be seen is how that will translate into profits.The e-commerce giant appeared to solidify its hold on the online world this holiday season. What remains to be seen is how that will translate into profits.