Apple has said it will not comply with a federal court order to unlock the iPhone of one of the San Bernardino attackers. Commenters online weigh privacy versus security in an age of terrorism.Timothy D. Cook, Apple’s chief, said the government’s request to bypass security on the phone used by Syed Rizwan Farook had “chilling” implications.The ruling, which Apple opposed, handed the F.B.I. a potentially important victory in its battle with tech companies over encrypted data.Federal District Court Judge Sheri Pym of California orders Apple to aid FBI in unlocking iPhone used by San Bernardino gunman Syed Rizwan Farook.Apple’s refusal to help the F.B.I. break into its secure mobile operating system may benefit its brand in the rest of the world.On one side is privacy as a defense of freedom from government monitoring, both in the U.S. and abroad. On the other is a mission to keep the public safe.Technologists and legal experts are dissecting what the company can’t, or won’t, do to help unlock the iPhone of a San Bernardino attacker.Q&A examines why Apple is challenging federal court order to help FBI unlock iPhone used by San Bernardino gunman Syed Rizwan Farook.A complicated set of factors influences the reactions of technology companies to government demands to unlock a path to customer data.Range of mostly muted responses by Apple's peers to company's resistance to federal court order to unlock iPhone used by San Bernardino gunman underscores complex factors affecting tech firms' reactions to government demands for customer data; some companies worry over becoming political  targets of presidential contenders. An abundance of opinions in nearly 5,000 comments on Apple’s opposition to a court order to unlock an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino killers.New York Times readers weigh in on Apple's decision to oppose court order to unlock iPhone used by one of San Bernardino shooters. Apple often uses the debt markets despite having $215.7 billion in cash, largely because most of that is abroad and would be taxed if brought home.Several Republican candidates have criticized Apple’s stance on the F.B.I.’s request to help it unlock the San Bernardino gunman’s iPhone, but Mr. Trump is the first to call for a boycott.Several Republican candidates have criticized Apple’s stance on the F.B.I.’s request to help it unlock the San Bernardino gunman’s iPhone, but Mr. Trump is the first to call for a boycott.